If a person decides to see a therapist, he feels better as a result.
A person tries to look for a doctor in order to get better.
If a person starts running, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person has good sex, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person makes the correct decision, he will feel happy.
If a person corrects her mistakes, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns the trade, he will feel challenged.
If a person completes the job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person returns to nature, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets help from his friends, he feels better as a result.
A person looks up information on the Internet in order to learn more about the Internet.
If a person dresses in the classic clothing, he will feel elegant.
A person starts the contraption in order to make the contraption work.
If a person has gone a long time without sleep, he will feel tired.
If a person takes on a high profile job, he will feel powerful.
If a person is kind to himself, he will feel peaceful.
If a person enjoys a new challenge, he wants to keep trying.
A person rushes over to his colleague in order to be supportive.
If a person does his exercise, he is fit as a result.
A person drives the kids to school in order to help the kids.
If a person works in others's garden, he will feel productive.
If a person feels great passion for his new career, he wants to continue working in his new career.
If a person does not hesitate to take chances, he wants to try new things.
If a person puts things in their proper place, he will feel organized.
A person carries food to the camp site in order to help the campers.
If a person and others are keen on the same thing, he will feel happy.
If a person learns new self-defense skills, he feels more confident as a result.
If a person listens to others's opinion, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person pays a compliment to others, he will feel pleased.
If a person plays a new sport, he will feel motivated.
If a person joins a yoga class, he gets in shape as a result.
A person prepares for exams in order to pass the exams.
If a person gets better at science, he will feel pleased.
If a person shares his thoughts with others, he is seen as helpful.
A person reads the text again in order to know what the text says.
If a person becomes accustomed to others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
A person entrusts others to do something in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person has a high evaluation score, he will feel satisfied.
If a person advocates for human rights, he will feel passionate.
If a person receives a birthday present, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes aware of a threat, he will feel frightened.
If a person has finally made their dream come true, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks the punishment is unfair, he wants to be released from the punishment.
If a person makes a fire, he will feel warm.
If a person adjusts to circumstances, he feels comfortable as a result.
A person studies chess in order to improve his chess skills.
If a person lets his mind wander, he will feel distracted.
If a person begins a singing career, he will feel excited.
If a person takes a secretarial course, he wants to be a secretary.
If a person has child abuse charges dropped, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to suspect something, he will feel worried.
If a person complains about the heat, he wants to cool off.
If a person makes progress on the problem, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has opportunity, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is attracted to a woman, he wants to be with her.
A person follows the plan in order to do what is expected of him.
A person attempts to recover in order to be normal again.
If a person asks a colleague's opinion, he wants to know what others think.
If a person accepts an explanation, he will feel understood.
If a person buys an album, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others pass each other on the street, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
A person asks a single question in order to understand the situation.
If a person realizes his dream, he will feel accomplished.
If a person observes how something works, he will feel curious.
A person works on their relationship in order to be a better partner.
A person tells others how much he loves him in order to show PersonY how much he cares.
A person organizes his equipment in order to have everything in order.
If a person wins a writing contest, he will feel confident.
A person sends others a note in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been climbing, he has developed rock climbing skills as a result.
If a person’s dad yells at him, he will feel upset.
A person sells at a farmers' market in order to earn money.
If a person begins to feel trapped, he wants to escape.
If a person loses a beloved one, he will feel sad.
A person tries to talk to the landlady in order to find out more about the landlady.
If a person solves a mystery, he will feel clever.
If a person rides his bike down the street, he has fun as a result.
If a person breaks his foot, he is out of action for a while as a result.
A person goes to see a counselor in order to talk about his problems.
If a person is listening to a radio show, he is entertained as a result.
If a person considers the differences, he wants to understand.
If a person prays in church, he will feel comforted.
If a person has done all she can, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others enjoy life together, he will feel content.
If a person studies the defense, he will feel focused.
If a person joins in a conversation, he will feel included.
If a person prepares a good supper, he will feel happy.
A person is a respected member of society in order to be a good citizen.
A person enters a seminar in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person becomes a shut-in, he will feel alone.
If a person appears to care about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person devotes his life to God, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person starts to doubt himself, he starts to feel insecure as a result.
A person takes care of others’s work in order to help PersonY.
If a person has no idea what to do with his life, he will feel lost.
If a person's love life improves, he wants to date more.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel responsible.
If a person selects the wine, he is happy with the wine as a result.
If a person becomes a social butterfly, he will feel happy.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he will feel calm.
A person buys a vehicle in order to be able to travel.
A person questions others about something in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person has everything that he wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets over an illness, he will feel relieved.
If a person is so angry, he wants to yell.
If a person starts to doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person fights his way in, he will feel determined.
If a person is enjoying a good book, he will feel relaxed.
A person examines the photograph in order to understand the photograph.
If a person has an exceptional meal, he will feel happy.
A person has a shopping spree in order to buy something nice.
A person thinks about going abroad in order to see the world.
A person is currently following others on Twitter in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person listens to the other side, he will feel open.
If a person takes up dancing, he becomes a better dancer as a result.
A person prepares to begin in order to start a new task.
If a person arrives at the coffee shop, he gets a cup of coffee as a result.
If a person loves others dearly, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person is paid a compliment, he will feel appreciated.
A person practices meditation in order to be more relaxed.
If a person has a big day at work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person visits the circus, he enjoys the circus as a result.
If a person likes to do things, he will feel creative.
If a person plays nice, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes a little rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person regrets an action, he wants to avoid that action in the future.
If a person plays outside with friends, he will feel energetic.
If a person knows how to enjoy, he will feel satisfied.
A person lies down for a while in order to rest.
A person decides to invite others over in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person takes steps to deal with, he will feel motivated.
If a person investigates others’s trail, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person begins to love baking, he wants to bake all the time.
If a person blames the cat for making noise, he wants to make the cat shut up.
If a person buys a new phone, he is pleased with his new phone as a result.
If a person does a fabulous performance, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes others needs help, he decides to help PersonY as a result.
If a person beats others at the game, he will feel triumphant.
If a person worries about his family, he wants to be with his family.
If a person learns a new dance, he is a better dancer as a result.
If a person is now on the path to success, he will feel motivated.
If a person considers the possible actions, he wants to make a decision.
If a person takes in a concert, he will feel content.
If a person takes his vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person continues to remain composed, he will feel calm.
If a person immediately returned the favor, he will feel good.
If a person wins competition, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good life, he is happy as a result.
A person thinks about looking for a new job in order to earn more money.
A person discusses his plans in order to get his ideas across.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he will feel angry.
A person tries to talk with others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person buys a new cell phone, he is pleased with his new phone as a result.
If a person goes to bars with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person has had it with others, he tells PersonY off as a result.
If a person marries a nice girl, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets staying, he wants to leave.
If a person works hard to get his diploma, he will feel accomplished.
If a person deals with a situation, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person camps in the woods, he learns to survive in the wild as a result.
If a person faces a big choice, he will feel uncertain.
A person does more research in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person confronts the situation, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person gets a pet dog, he gets attached to the dog as a result.
If a person hangs out with family, he feels good about family as a result.
If a person appears disturbed, he will feel confused.
If a person goes to a health club, he gets fit as a result.
If a person passes the class, he will feel good.
If a person enjoys the scenery, he will feel peaceful.
If a person cares about living beings, he wants to help them.
If a person tries to understand people, he is seen as empathetic.
If a person has started thinking about getting married, he will feel excited.
A person does an aerobic exercise in order to be healthy.
A person does so much for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person continues the fight, he will feel determined.
If a person starts practicing, he will feel determined.
If a person has a good chance of paying for herself, he will feel confident.
If a person begins to like the sound of his own voice, he wants to sing.
If a person gives an inspirational speech, he will feel proud.
If a person sees an opportunity to prove oneself, he will feel determined.
If a person is learning, he will feel curious.
If a person experiences uncertainty, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person makes a firm statement, he will feel strong.
If a person joins a support group, he learns to deal with his problems as a result.
A person runs up to her friend in order to talk to her friend.
A person does some reading in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person joins an association, he will feel committed.
If a person opens up his mind, he wants to be more open.
If a person is dressed and made up, he will feel attractive.
If a person looks up online, he will feel curious.
A person plays the guitar for others in order to show PersonY that he can play the guitar.
If a person cuts herself a bit, he will feel in pain.
If a person stands up to his father, he will feel strong.
If a person is a volunteer, he gets to know other people as a result.
If a person finds out that others is in need, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person starts to plan, he wants to finish his plans.
If a person is concerned about danger, he is careful as a result.
If a person is going on the wagon, he will feel sober.
If a person learns to sail, he will feel competent.
If a person receives support, he will feel understood.
If a person settles down to work, he will feel determined.
If a person starts to worry, he wants to calm down.
If a person searches for alternatives, he will feel open.
If a person decides to exercise, he will feel motivated.
If a person notices something is not right, he will feel worried.
If a person is prepared to study, he will feel confident.
If a person does something wonderful for others, he will feel happy.
If a person gains something from his efforts, he will feel happy.
If a person complains to others about the service, he will feel frustrated.
If a person asks questions to get answers, he learns the answers as a result.
If a person is jilted by her love, he will feel devastated.
If a person notices a detail, he wants to find out more.
If a person works it out, he will feel successful.
A person tries to work out something in order to get better.
If a person eats a lot, he will feel full.
A person discusses the chemical formula with his friend in order to understand the chemical formula.
A person participates in a political march in order to be a part of the community.
A person announces that they’re leaving for good in order to make a change.
If a person selects a shade of red, he is satisfied with the color as a result.
If a person puts in the work, he wants to be the best.
A person explains the rules to others in order to teach PersonY the rules.
If a person experiences personal success, he will feel confident.
A person contemplates his actions in order to understand his own motives.
If a person is an inspirational speaker, he is well-liked as a result.
If a person thinks of an advantage, he wants to use the advantage.
If a person wins at a game, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person meets the right people, he is happy as a result.
If a person finishes first, he will feel accomplished.
A person makes a call on the telephone in order to be connected to the outside world.
If a person sinks into debt, he is broke as a result.
If a person purchases insurance, he will feel secure.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he will feel happy.
If a person is back to his usual self, he will feel content.
If a person sticks to her plans, he will feel determined.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he has fun as a result.
If a person is appointed to a high post, he will feel happy.
If a person does something exciting, he will feel proud.
If a person practices a lot to get better, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person gets the hang of it, he will feel confident.
If a person and others exchange smiles, he will feel joyful.
If a person passes his course, he will feel pleased.
If a person joins a special group, he will feel special.
If a person gains another perspective, he wants to see a different side of the world.
If a person checks on what's happening, he will feel attentive.
If a person reads the law, he is interested in law as a result.
If a person votes at the polls, he will feel involved.
If a person solves the riddle, he will feel satisfied.
A person is going camping with friends in order to be outdoors.
If a person has been a good mother, he is praised by her children as a result.
A person talks to the enemy in order to be able to communicate with the enemy.
A person devises a schedule in order to be organized.
If a person finishes the fight, he will feel victorious.
If a person is hired as a writer, he is successful as a result.
If a person wins a big contract, he will feel thrilled.
If a person finds a new career, he wants to pursue that career.
If a person starts paying attention, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds comfort, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others learn to communicate, he will feel understood.
If a person plays the radio, he hears the news as a result.
A person calls others again in order to see PersonY again.
A person and others talk about the origin of life in order to understand the origin of life.
If a person takes others with them, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person regrets a decision, he wants to change the decision.
If a person makes an eloquent speech, he will feel intelligent.
If a person gets shot by a hunter, he is injured as a result.
If a person tidies his room, he will feel satisfied.
If a person watches a special television program, he is interested in the program as a result.
If a person asks others what’s wrong, he learns that PersonY is upset as a result.
If a person has a bad month, he is upset as a result.
If a person finally makes up with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person attends the top schools, he is seen as smart.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited vacation, he is rested as a result.
If a person knows the two of them will be fine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has moral character, he wants to be a good person.
If a person goes back to her roots, he will feel grounded.
If a person agrees to fight, he wants to win.
A person visits the doctor in order to feel better.
If a person learns the information, he wants to use the information.
If a person regrets what happened, he wants to apologize.
A person gives others a warm hug in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person goes to a yoga class, he will feel relaxed.
A person rereads the books in order to know more about the books.
If a person gets a well-paid job, he will feel content.
If a person catches others doing something bad, he tells PersonY to stop as a result.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he wants to fix it.
A person takes part in a rally in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person packs to go on vacation, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person thinks for herself, he is a little more independent as a result.
If a person runs for exercise, he gets fit as a result.
A person hires a detective in order to solve a mystery.
If a person looks toward the future, he will feel optimistic.
If a person examines the evidence, he will feel analytical.
If a person brings home a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person joins her kids on a bike ride, he will feel connected.
A person takes the medicine in order to get better.
If a person learns to get along with others, he will feel secure.
If a person overcomes his problem, he will feel relieved.
If a person observes other people doing things, he will feel curious.
If a person wonders about her future, he will feel anxious.
A person attends a business meeting in order to learn more about business.
If a person enters counseling, he wants to talk about his problems.
If a person rests for a while, he will feel content.
If a person applies logic, he will feel wise.
A person leads a safe life in order to live a peaceful life.
A person takes a wife in order to have a family.
A person visits their mother in order to spend time with their mother.
If a person takes up writing, he will feel inspired.
If a person laments the heat, he wants to cool off.
If a person contemplates alternatives, he wants to try something new.
A person is willing to work late in order to finish a project.
If a person has plans to do something, he will feel excited.
If a person treats neighbors well, he is liked by neighbors as a result.
If a person starts to do a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person turns over new leaf, he will feel optimistic.
If a person is thrown into a car, he is injured as a result.
If a person is going to relax for a few minutes, he will feel calm.
If a person and others are worried about the environment, he wants to help the environment.
If a person studies baking with others, he wants to learn how to bake.
A person maintains a clean desk in order to be organized.
If a person is disappointed with a doctor, he wants to find a new doctor.
If a person learns the information, he will feel enlightened.
A person extends a hand in order to help others.
If a person finds a hobby, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person watches TV series, he learns to enjoy TV as a result.
If a person is able to navigate the world, he will feel confident.
If a person listens to the radio for several hours, he will feel entertained.
If a person tries to stay close, he will feel connected.
If a person succeeds in impressing others, he will feel pleased.
If a person allows himself to be loved, he will feel happy.
If a person plays basketball with others's children, he makes friends with PersonY's children as a result.
A person has someone clean up after others in order to make sure PersonY is taken care of.
If a person regrets their actions, he wants to apologize.
If a person drives to the bookstore, he wants to read a book.
A person shows her daughter around in order to spend time with her daughter.
A person finds a new way in order to find a new way to solve a problem.
If a person suffers from pain, he will feel miserable.
If a person gains respect for others, he wants to be more like PersonY.
If a person rethinks his or her life, he wants to make a change.
If a person finds the perfect gift for her mother, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a compliment, he will feel happy.
If a person partakes in a feast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person ends up drinking alone, he is drunk as a result.
If a person brings up a good point, he is seen as a good debater.
If a person takes off on her own, he will feel free.
If a person gets some rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person surfs the Net, he learns about the Internet as a result.
If a person has a firearm stolen, he wants to get the gun back.
If a person goes to church with parents, he will feel spiritual.
If a person falls ill, he wants to get better.
A person sticks to his story in order to be consistent.
If a person performs good deeds, he will feel proud.
A person finally confronts others in order to solve the problem.
If a person cooperates with others, he will feel helpful.
A person looks at the beautiful lady across in order to admire the beauty of the lady.
If a person receives a basket of flowers, he is pleased as a result.
If a person helps clean, he will feel productive.
If a person puts on the covers, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person follows her routine, he will feel at ease.
If a person develops a plan, he wants to follow through.
If a person does her best work, he will feel proud.
A person worked in the garden in order to make the garden look nice.
A person carries out an action in order to achieve a goal.
If a person finds out something really interesting, he will feel excited.
If a person has a feeling, he wants to know what the feeling is.
If a person enjoys solitude, he will feel calm.
If a person talks to others for the first time, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person decides on an exciting vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person likes physical activity, he wants to play sports.
A person washes the shirt in order to make sure the shirt is clean.
If a person examines the text, he understands the text as a result.
If a person sees something,, he wants to know what it is.
If a person joins a support group, he will feel comfortable.
A person checks the phone line in order to make sure the phone line is working.
If a person works on her accent, he wants to speak better.
If a person has a good life again, he will feel happy.
If a person has won the match, he will feel happy.
If a person bakes delicious cookies, he will feel satisfied.
If a person asks others for an explanation, he gets an explanation as a result.
A person goes to his girlfriend's house in order to spend time with his girlfriend.
If a person learns to appreciate poetry, he will feel enlightened.
If a person seems to be interested in something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person has all the qualities of a good friend, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person learns to put on disguises, he wants to be able to change his appearance.
If a person reaches his limit, he wants to stop.
If a person is quick at work, he will feel efficient.
If a person goes off in a huff, he wants to be alone.
If a person becomes alarmed, he wants to calm down.
If a person receives a threat, he will feel afraid.
If a person acquires a piece of knowledge, he is enlightened as a result.
If a person and others rest in the grass, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets used to a new program, he will feel content.
If a person keeps climbing the ladder, he gets promoted as a result.
A person and others run from the police in order to be safe and PersonY wants to be free.
If a person practices to the extreme, he will feel determined.
If a person is always very well dressed, he will feel stylish.
If a person has promised to return, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person has your best interests at heart, he wants to make you happy.
If a person learns to feed himself, he will feel independent.
If a person takes care of his own business, he will feel in control.
If a person works hard in school, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person studies for the test, he will feel prepared.
If a person is warmly dressed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person enjoys his food, he will feel full.
If a person gets a record contract, he will feel happy.
If a person corrects errors, he will feel accomplished.
A person learns to speak French in order to be more fluent.
If a person reaches out to the living, he will feel connected.
A person teaches a child to read in order to help the child.
If a person feels trapped by all the problems, he will feel frustrated.
If a person solves the murder, he will feel relieved.
If a person keeps a fire burning, he gets warm as a result.
If a person takes good care of her body, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person needs legal advice, he is helped by a lawyer as a result.
If a person wrestles others to the ground, he will feel victorious.
If a person works on something, he makes progress as a result.
If a person does research on others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
A person takes off from home in order to be independent.
If a person has a cool idea, he will feel excited.
If a person's reputation goes up, he is popular as a result.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person ends a successful period, he will feel relieved.
If a person comes up with a way to entertain him, he will feel content.
If a person works on an important project, he is seen as hardworking.
A person takes a course in typing in order to be a better typist.
A person moves out of the neighbourhood in order to be on his own.
If a person thanks others for the advice, he will feel happy.
If a person pays back a debt, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes an interesting walk in order to be active.
If a person wakes up and reads the paper, he learns about the latest news as a result.
If a person takes a long break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a day off from work, he will feel rested.
If a person has been given everything he needs, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person gets credit for advice, he will feel good.
If a person receives advice from others, he will feel informed.
If a person asks for others’s help, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person finds a wonderful dress, he looks good in the dress as a result.
If a person has a bad first day on the job, he will feel frustrated.
A person comes to an understanding with others in order to be on good terms with PersonY.
If a person owes a favor, he wants to repay the favor.
If a person drinks more alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person always puts everything back in place, he is tidy as a result.
If a person has a failed business venture, he is disappointed as a result.
If a person is called in to mediate, he resolves the conflict as a result.
A person studies an instrument in order to learn a new skill.
If a person agrees to seeing a counselor, he is helped by the counselor as a result.
If a person looks into a new opportunity, he wants to make more money.
If a person goes full speed ahead, he will feel confident.
If a person prepares to give a speech, he wants to practice his speech.
If a person finds the house well-kept, he feels comfortable in the house as a result.
If a person checks out the introduction, he reads the introduction as a result.
If a person meets expectations, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries not to panic, he does not panic as a result.
If a person takes a morning run, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person and others go hiking, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person drinks a little alcohol, he will feel a little buzzed.
If a person and others go out dancing, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is good at maintaining friendships, he will feel confident.
If a person is committed to political or professional goals, he will feel confident.
If a person comes out ahead, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he finds peace as a result.
If a person is a musician, he plays his guitar as a result.
If a person thinks about school, he wants to go to school.
If a person worries over rumors, he wants to be sure.
If a person has political power, he makes decisions as a result.
If a person draws on it, he will feel artistic.
If a person returns to a familiar place, he is comforted by the place as a result.
If a person notices that others is missing, he searches for PersonY as a result.
If a person does apply for the job, he wants to be hired.
If a person dresses up for the big day, he will feel confident.
If a person doesn't like to wait, he wants to get things done quickly.
A person wants to walk home in order to be independent.
If a person worries about a law suit, he wants to avoid a lawsuit.
If a person makes something out of clay, he will feel creative.
If a person feels more at home, he will feel content.
If a person doesn’t know how to end it, he will feel confused.
A person decides to go shopping in order to be able to buy what she wants.
If a person learns the story, he is entertained as a result.
If a person initiates the approach, he wants to start a conversation.
If a person is looking at the ships, he will feel interested.
A person makes a call in order to talk to someone.
If a person sells a lot of tickets, he is seen as a good salesman.
If a person reads it all, he will feel interested.
A person acts on his own behalf in order to be independent.
If a person and others tries to learn each other, he and PersonY learn to get along as a result.
A person listens to new music in order to explore new music.
A person puts in his application in order to get a job.
If a person is dressed warmly, he will feel comfortable.
A person decides to settle down in order to have a family.
A person practices his lines in the mirror in order to get better.
If a person makes plans to go on a cruise, he will feel excited.
If a person consults me, he gets advice as a result.
A person tries to lift a piano in order to learn how to lift a piano.
A person decides to do something positive in order to be a better person.
If a person and others have a similar sense of humor, he will feel in sync.
If a person visits a dance hall, he will feel energetic.
If a person experiences a loss, he will feel upset.
A person looks at the pantry in order to see what is in the pantry.
If a person finds something worth trying, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to go see it.
If a person goes home and rests, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person is on the telephone, he is talking to a friend as a result.
If a person thinks others has something to hide, he wants to find out what PersonY is hiding.
If a person gets hiccups, he wants to get rid of hiccups.
If a person finds it difficult to sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person gets out of it, he will feel happy.
If a person is thinking about the next assignment, he will feel focused.
If a person learns how to bowl, he is good at bowling as a result.
If a person considers the conflict over, he wants to move on.
If a person decides to make it work, he is happy as a result.
If a person watches TV with family, he will feel entertained.
If a person experiences a strange noise, he wants to know what it is.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he will feel motivated.
If a person is helped by others, he will feel supported.
If a person is getting ready to have an amazing time, he wants to be in a good mood.
If a person wants to please others, he agrees to help PersonY as a result.
If a person laments an unhealthy habit, he wants to stop the habit.
If a person studies on Saturdays, he will feel motivated.
A person marries a nice girl in order to have a nice wife.
If a person gets work done, he will feel satisfied.
If a person begins to drink alcohol, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person sleeps well at night, he will feel content.
If a person gets new ideas, he wants to be creative.
If a person goes out for a vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to marry again, he will feel satisfied.
If a person attempts to save others's life, he will feel determined.
If a person seeks ways to fix problem, he fixes problem as a result.
If a person joins a debate team, he will feel challenged.
If a person plays with others's heart, he hurts PersonY's feelings as a result.
If a person thinks of the future, he wants to plan for the future.
If a person faces a new problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person stops for a drink on the way home, he will feel refreshed.
A person encourages others to go on in order PersonY to have a chance.
If a person is warm and comfortable, he is happy as a result.
A person hosts a community meeting in order to bring people together.
If a person has been accepted by local people, he will feel happy.
A person puts the cat down in order to put the cat out of its misery.
A person wrote about it in order to share his knowledge.
If a person regrets a decision, he wants to make a different decision.
If a person gets ready for success, he will feel proud.
If a person expects bad news, he will feel worried.
If a person is nasty, he is disliked as a result.
A person is able to get a hold of it in order to keep it.
If a person gets one up on others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person goes out on a trip, he has a good time as a result.
If a person thanks others for making him laugh, he will feel happy.
If a person and others enjoy a stroll in the park, he will feel happy.
A person hires a trainer in order to improve his physical fitness.
If a person does not worry anymore, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person attends every class, he is seen as a good student.
If a person studies for a job, he will feel focused.
A person asks others to explain it again in order to understand the idea.
If a person has a good imagination, he makes up stories as a result.
If a person hears good news about others, he will feel pleased.
If a person is suddenly excited, he wants to do something exciting.
If a person completes task successfully, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks about morality, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person works as a composer, he will feel creative.
A person stays with others in the hospital in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person buys a new piece of software, he will feel satisfied.
If a person recovers from the sickness, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets a good score on a test, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to his home, he will feel at home.
A person decides to investigate in order to know the truth.
A person practices arts and crafts in order to improve her skills.
If a person realizes something's not right, he will feel worried.
If a person has a quiet morning, he is calm as a result.
If a person gets a better job, he will feel relieved.
If a person has a fancy dinner, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person arranges items, he will feel organized.
If a person and others go to a nightclub, he wants to dance and PersonY wants to drink.
If a person enforces new rules, he will feel strict.
If a person prays in private, he will feel serene.
A person continues going to school in order to be successful.
A person studies others's hands in order to know how PersonY's hands work.
If a person clears up the mess, he will feel good.
If a person approaches a health problem, he wants to go to the doctor.
A person showers before work in order to be clean.
A person doesn’t change his decision in order to stick to his decision.
A person passes on a story to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person does something fun, he will feel delighted.
If a person gets accepted into a college, he wants to study more.
A person continues his adventure in order to keep moving forward.
If a person feels insecure, he wants to feel secure.
If a person isn't sure of his direction, he will feel lost.
If a person practices in a gym, he gets fit as a result.
If a person receives some bad news, he will feel disappointed.
If a person has a fun evening, he will feel happy.
A person visits the counselor in order to discuss his feelings.
If a person is extremely stressed, he will feel frustrated.
If a person has to apologize, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person feels a sense of injustice, he wants to feel right.
If a person sits in a corner and thinks, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gives a presentation, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person faces a tragic past, he will feel saddened.
If a person is notified of a new event, he wants to attend the event.
If a person accuses others of blocking the highway, he wants to stop PersonY from blocking the highway.
If a person drinks cold water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a proper life, he will feel happy.
If a person changes his life, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person talks with others about a problem, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person regrets mistakes, he wants to make fewer mistakes.
A person types up a report in order to get the report done.
If a person is believed, he will feel confident.
If a person has survived all the perils, he will feel safe.
If a person attempts to earn money, he will feel determined.
A person works with her partner in order to be able to help her partner.
If a person goes into battle, he will feel determined.
If a person takes a stroll in the park, he will feel calm.
If a person and others enjoy a walk, he will feel content.
If a person thinks that others is in trouble, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person regrets her action, he wants to apologize.
If a person is opposed to war, he wants to be a pacifist.
If a person seeks information from others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person attends an art gallery, he likes the art as a result.
If a person learns to live for herself, he will feel free.
A person accepts others’s proposal in order to be with PersonY.
If a person loses something that is important to , he is upset as a result.
If a person and others hang out together, he will feel close.
If a person makes his wish come true, he will feel happy.
A person tries to open the box in order to find out what is inside.
If a person is dressed to the nines, he will feel elegant.
If a person comes up with a good idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person accepts others’s help, he will feel supported.
A person meets with the guys in order to talk to the guys.
If a person decides to buy a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person is hit by a train, he will feel in pain.
A person reads in the dark in order to read without being disturbed.
If a person has a bedtime story read to him, he will feel comforted.
If a person regrets her action, he wants to do something different.
If a person gets an upset stomach, he wants to go to the bathroom.
A person takes others to a party in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person helps her neighbor, he will feel good.
If a person visits a health club, he gets fit as a result.
If a person allows others to explain, he understands PersonY’s as a result.
If a person reads a note that contains important information, he wants to know what the note says.
If a person goes out to meet friends, he will feel happy.
If a person helps out in the office, he will feel helpful.
If a person enjoys listening to music, he will feel content.
If a person is able to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person comes across a sign, he wants to see the sign.
A person establishes a fair system in order to make sure everyone is treated equally.
A person begins to open a box in order to see what is inside.
If a person finds a comfortable couch, he will feel relaxed.
If a person accepts the adventure that is presented to him, he wants to see more of the world.
If a person dresses for the part, he will feel glamorous.
If a person works on himself, he is healthier as a result.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he will feel pleased.
A person hangs out with others's family in order to get to know PersonY's family.
If a person overcomes a trial, he will feel relieved.
If a person wins the battle for others's love, he will feel happy.
A person begins a work of art in order to create something beautiful.
If a person undergoes training, he wants to learn.
If a person receives a better job offer, he will feel confident.
A person studies the stars in order to learn about the universe.
If a person gets a great haircut, he will feel handsome.
If a person relaxes in the park, he will feel content.
A person went on an expedition in order to learn more about the world.
A person goes back to counseling in order to improve her life.
If a person and others take a rest, he and PersonY are refreshed as a result.
If a person goes for walks, he will feel happy.
A person surfs the web in order to get more information.
If a person buys a new pair of glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person studies to make doctor, he will feel determined.
A person investigates further in order to solve the mystery.
A person tells a friend the whole story in order to be honest.
A person commends a friend for a job well done in order to encourage his friend.
If a person's heart sinks, he will feel depressed.
If a person goes to work without much money, he will feel poor.
A person follows others to the park in order to be with PersonY.
If a person gets a role, he will feel happy.
If a person is threatened with prosecution, he will feel scared.
If a person has more than enough food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person engages in fisticuffs, he is hurt as a result.
If a person appreciates others's good work, he will feel happy.
If a person is offered a trip, he wants to go.
If a person gets to the finish line, he will feel happy.
If a person has terrible news, he will feel devastated.
If a person has a natural talent for singing, he wants to be a singer.
If a person asks the group a question, he wants to get an answer.
A person sets out for a long walk in order to be in nature.
If a person goes to church with others, he will feel spiritual.
If a person settles into a job, he will feel at ease.
If a person lives with family, he has a stable home life as a result.
If a person has a funny feeling, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person wonders how it will end, he will feel apprehensive.
If a person is under the protection of others, he will feel safe.
If a person puts on all his clothes, he will feel comfortable.
A person visits his friend at his house in order to spend time with his friend.
If a person searches for more, he is able to find more as a result.
A person treats others well in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person learns to play drums, he gets better at playing drums as a result.
If a person handles it beautifully, he will feel confident.
If a person considers a new perspective, he will feel open.
If a person helps fight evil, he wants to do good.
If a person has another nightmare, he will feel frightened.
A person continues her study in order to be a good student.
If a person takes a little break, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person makes a phone call in order to talk to someone.
If a person arranges meetings, he wants to meet new people.
If a person’s world falls apart, he is a wreck as a result.
If a person and others play on the swings, he will feel playful.
A person tries to hide her reactions in order to be able to act in a calm manner.
If a person begins to learn to play the violin, he gets better at playing the violin as a result.
If a person and others laugh together, he will feel joyful.
A person begins looking for a new job in order to make more money.
A person starts to improve in order to be a better person.
If a person mends a hole, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is good at fixing things, he will feel good.
If a person gets hate mail, he is upset as a result.
If a person has the best job, he is happy as a result.
If a person types all day long, he will feel productive.
If a person goes to visit, he wants to see his family.
If a person re-evaluates others's behaviour, he wants to change PersonY's behaviour.
A person announces his departure in order to move on.
A person arranges for the party in order to make the party a success.
If a person realizes that others is hiding something, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
If a person listens to the answer machine, he wants to hear the message.
If a person is habitually sociable, he makes friends as a result.
If a person gets medicine, he will feel well.
If a person and others go in a fight, he will feel angry.
If a person falls into a huge pit, he gets injured as a result.
If a person challenges himself, he will feel determined.
A person is working hard in order to be successful.
If a person provides for personY's pleasure, he is thanked by personY as a result.
If a person goes to football camp, he wants to play football.
A person reads through the menu in order to learn about the menu.
If a person feels a responsibility, he wants to do his best.
A person continues to fight in order to win.
A person teaches others to run in order to help PersonY.
A person applies to a state school in order to go to a good school.
A person gets over someone in order to be able to move on.
A person decides to do something nice for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is a good salesperson, he will feel pleased.
If a person complains about the noise in the room, he wants to be quiet.
A person checks the caller ID on others's phone in order to know who is calling.
If a person ponders on what to do, he will feel unsure.
If a person receives others's approval, he will feel satisfied.
If a person subscribes to the idea, he will feel enlightened.
If a person realizes the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person plays with his pets, he will feel amused.
If a person digs for the truth, he wants to be right.
If a person seems to enjoy it, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person becomes offended, he wants to apologize.
A person takes others on a journey in order to show PersonY a new place.
If a person considers others's opinion valuable, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person does something for herself, he will feel happy.
A person puts a hand on others's shoulder in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person notices something unsettling, he wants to investigate.
If a person is tired of trying, he stops trying as a result.
If a person thinks about winning the competition, he will feel determined.
If a person gets diagnosed, he gets treatment as a result.
If a person outraces others, he will feel triumphant.
A person is working on her computer in order to get some work done.
If a person reads a letter and is taken aback, he is upset as a result.
If a person dislikes others's actions, he wants to stop PersonY from doing that.
If a person walks to the store, he gets groceries as a result.
If a person has studied English for a long time, he has a good command of the language as a result.
If a person takes on too much, he becomes stressed as a result.
A person visits all his friends in order to be in touch with his friends.
If a person has the best job, he will feel content.
If a person feels lost, he wants to find a direction.
If a person convinces others to come home, he will feel confident.
If a person is an excellent actor, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has bad news, he will feel disappointed.
A person walks around the town in order to enjoy the town.
A person does well on his exams in order to be a good student.
If a person is watching a TV program, he is entertained as a result.
If a person goes to the mall and buys presents, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels very upset, he wants to feel better.
If a person sees the beautiful sunset, he will feel amazed.
If a person wonders what the future will bring, he wants to find out.
If a person is a dedicated student, he wants to get good grades.
If a person finds solutions, he will feel smart.
A person participates in protest in order to be a part of the movement.
If a person makes a very good bargain, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to feel remorse, he wants to apologize.
If a person has a fancy dinner, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person sees a bit of good news, he will feel happy.
If a person is in a serious car accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person receives information, he knows more about the situation as a result.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets with his family, he wants to be with his family.
A person tries to solve a problem at work in order to succeed at work.
If a person putts his ball in the hole, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to learn how to swim, he wants to be a better swimmer.
A person decides to make a difference in order to be a good person.
If a person fixes the leak, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is no longer mad, he will feel content.
A person decides to make dinner in order to be in charge of the dinner.
A person sends an e-mail to personY in order to be able to communicate with personY.
If a person shudders to think, he wants to stop thinking.
If a person feels so much better, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to go to the sea, he will feel happy.
If a person overcomes adversity, he will feel strong.
If a person takes a leisurely stroll on the beach, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is tired of the activity, he wants to relax.
If a person buys the card, he will feel happy.
If a person gets to bed early, he will feel rested.
If a person faces the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person asks around for more information in order to learn more about the case.
If a person has bought a new car, he wants to drive it.
If a person laughs with someone at work, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a new novel, he will feel intrigued.
If a person explores rural hills, he enjoys the outdoors as a result.
If a person meets a crowd, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
A person's cat gets a bath in order to keep his cat clean.
If a person has had a bad night, he will feel sad.
If a person practices self-defense moves, he will feel brave.
If a person goes to beach, he will feel relaxed.
A person leaves for others’s home in order to see PersonY.
If a person finds a wonderful dress, he is happy as a result.
If a person does not know where to go, he will feel lost.
A person talks about the dream in order to remember the dream.
If a person goes to visit her parents, he is happy to see her parents as a result.
If a person finds something cute, he will feel delighted.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he is successful as a result.
If a person is accustomed to finding things for herself, he will feel self-reliant.
If a person visits a place, he learns about the place as a result.
If a person learns how to ride, he will feel competent.
If a person beats others to the end, he will feel triumphant.
If a person rests on the grass, he will feel comfortable.
If a person chooses a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person is confronted with the error, he wants to correct the error.
If a person watches others's schedule, he wants to know what PersonY is doing.
A person promises to write in order to be able to express herself.
If a person accepts the gift, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to play drums, he is good at drums as a result.
A person buys a pistol in order to protect himself.
If a person has a strong mind, he will feel determined.
If a person learns to sail a boat, he gets better at sailing as a result.
If a person needs legal advice, he wants to hire a lawyer.
If a person says yes to new experiences, he wants to be adventurous.
If a person expects to get a degree, he will feel hopeful.
A person observes what is happening in order to understand the situation.
If a person works things out, he feels better as a result.
If a person enjoys the conversation, he will feel at ease.
If a person finds the book amusing, he wants to read the book.
If a person takes on more work, he will feel challenged.
A person learns to take the initiative in order to learn how to be independent.
If a person enjoys dinner with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to write a story, he will feel creative.
If a person's feelings are hurt, he will feel angry.
A person plays with the ducklings in order to be close to the ducklings.
If a person plays the computer game, he will feel entertained.
If a person listens to reason, he becomes more reasonable as a result.
If a person has a lot to do, he will feel pressed.
A person paints the fence again in order to improve the fence.
A person is always friendly to others in order to be a good friend.
A person offer to buy others a pair of shoes in order to help PersonY.
If a person defeats the monster, he will feel triumphant.
A person studies at a local college in order to improve her knowledge.
If a person practices juggling, he becomes a juggler as a result.
If a person examines something strange, he will feel curious.
A person checks up on a relative in order to make sure that they are okay.
If a person goes to the aquarium, he enjoys the aquarium as a result.
If a person gets a chance to practice what he has learned, he is happy as a result.
If a person dreams of it happening, he wants to make it happen.
If a person regrets eating so much cheese, he wants to eat less cheese.
If a person studies hard, he will feel smart.
If a person joins a social club, he will feel accepted.
If a person took a course, he will feel interested.
If a person does some legwork, he will feel motivated.
If a person decides to clean up his act, he wants to be a better person.
If a person shakes others’s hand, he will feel friendly.
If a person googles others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person has issues, he wants to get help.
A person writes in the letters in order to express her feelings.
If a person has a car crash, he is injured as a result.
A person begins to work in order to make money.
If a person beats others at a video game, he will feel superior.
If a person reaches an agreement, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person listens to the evening news, he learns about the news as a result.
A person buys a telescope in order to be able to see further.
If a person resolves an argument, he will feel calm.
If a person becomes a sailor, he sails around the world as a result.
A person goes to mom's house in order to spend time with his mother.
If a person performs perfectly, he will feel pleased.
If a person works out every day, he wants to be in shape.
If a person studies to get a degree, he will feel challenged.
A person goes back to her roots in order to reconnect with her family.
A person examines the knife in order to understand the knife.
If a person designs an award-winning car, he will feel accomplished.
If a person sees what’s going on, he wants to know what’s going on.
A person goes on a very long walk in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person learns to make costumes, he will feel creative.
A person helps at a rescue effort in order to help people.
A person studies three times a week in order to be good at school.
If a person expresses his appreciation, he will feel happy.
If a person does a bad deed, he gets in trouble as a result.
If a person gets caught breaking the rules, he is punished as a result.
If a person listens to the weather report, he learns about the weather as a result.
If a person provides certain information, he is seen as a good source.
If a person has a bad meeting, he will feel disappointed.
If a person admits his mistakes, he will feel remorseful.
A person is going to move out in two weeks in order to be independent.
If a person and others enjoys one another's company, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person tries in order to succeed.
A person sees a therapist in order to improve his mental health.
If a person has a flash of insight, he wants to understand.
If a person feels that others is very annoying, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person finds another opportunity, he wants to take advantage of the opportunity.
If a person spots a mysterious looking mansion, he will feel intrigued.
If a person receives many phone calls, he is busy as a result.
If a person dresses comfortably, he will feel relaxed.
A person has fun on the way to visit others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person finds a good apartment, he will feel happy.
If a person’s feelings were hurt, he wants to feel better.
If a person feels displeased, he wants to feel better.
If a person suffers a poor decision, he will feel regretful.
A person buys this ticket in order to go to the movie.
A person attempts to be diplomatic in order to get along with others.
A person takes great care in order to be well-groomed.
If a person takes a cooking class, he cooks a meal as a result.
If a person gets introduced to the environment, he learns to enjoy nature as a result.
If a person makes the sale, he will feel pleased.
If a person expresses uncertainty, he wants to know what to do.
A person thinks of going to the zoo in order to see the animals.
If a person succeeds in acquiring a car, he is pleased with his new car as a result.
If a person hates the cat, he wants to get rid of the cat.
A person settles things quickly in order to be able to make decisions quickly.
If a person's life has gotten much better, he is happy as a result.
If a person is very busy at work, he is stressed as a result.
If a person works things out, he will feel accomplished.
A person buys her parents a gift in order to show her parents how much she cares.
If a person is welcomed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is missing her friend, he wants to find her friend.
If a person writes a schedule, he will feel organized.
If a person expects her parents to be proud, he wants to make her parents proud.
If a person improves his skills, he wants to be a better player.
If a person is looked up to, he will feel respected.
If a person eats a healthful lunch, he will feel full.
If a person takes care of a long-standing problem, he feels better as a result.
If a person contemplates other possibilities, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person shows her powers of concentration, he will feel in control.
If a person studies for a medical degree, he wants to be a doctor.
If a person received a promise, he will feel reassured.
If a person pays attention to something that is going on, he will feel interested.
If a person makes music, he will feel creative.
A person prepares the snacks in order to prepare a good snack.
If a person buys many books, he reads many books as a result.
If a person turns it all around, he will feel successful.
If a person wonders about another job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person pays attention to every action, he will feel responsible.
A person sees a lawyer in order to get legal advice.
If a person buys new tires, he is pleased with his new tires as a result.
If a person takes over business, he will feel competent.
If a person wins the bid, he is happy as a result.
A person checks the fax machine in order to make sure that the fax machine is working.
If a person questions others's excuse, he wants to know the truth.
If a person works on a specific task, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person is out and about, he will feel curious.
If a person enjoys the dance, he will feel content.
If a person has a violent argument with others, he will feel angry.
If a person plans a romantic dinner, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to leave the relationship in order to be independent.
If a person stands up against something, he will feel empowered.
If a person is good at horseback riding, he will feel confident.
A person is on the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person reaches an important goal, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to express in order to be understood.
If a person takes her new job seriously, he will feel competent.
A person teaches others to sew in order to help PersonY.
If a person thinks of something really interesting, he will feel excited.
If a person puts up decorations, he will feel creative.
A person considers calling others in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person is a private person, he is introverted as a result.
If a person and others drive to a party, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person experiences others's life, he knows more about PersonY as a result.
A person goes to her parents in order to spend time with her family.
If a person finally gets the job he wanted, he will feel happy.
If a person is unable to bear this, he will feel angry.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited day off, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person thanks the neighbours, he will feel pleased.
If a person chooses a new job, he wants to earn more money.
If a person files for a business permit, he wants to be a successful business owner.
If a person makes his own plans, he will feel independent.
A person takes others to the opera in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person buys a ticket to hear a concert in order to be part of a cultural event.
A person trains for a month in order to be fit.
A person is accepted into university in order to continue his education.
If a person wins the last round, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes on an initiative, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person decides to push through, he will feel confident.
A person trains harder than normal in order to improve.
A person gets others to follow her in order to have PersonY on her side.
A person participates in group work in order to be a part of the group.
If a person leads people, he gets people to follow him as a result.
A person calls someone from the hospital in order to be able to talk to someone.
A person plans a holiday trip in order to spend time with his family.
If a person trains 2-5 times a day, he is seen as dedicated.
A person registers for a class in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person persuades others to come back, he will feel confident.
A person goes out of his way for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person appreciates his qualities, he wants to keep his good qualities.
If a person has many projects, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person keeps eye on the ball, he will feel focused.
A person talks to others at home in order to be in contact with PersonY.
If a person has a pretty good time, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to pray, he wants to go to church.
If a person has a hearty breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person records a hit song, he will feel accomplished.
If a person asks about it, he will feel interested.
If a person gets a new sweater, he feels warm as a result.
If a person says yes to new experiences, he enjoys new experiences as a result.
If a person learns to enjoy fish, he will feel joyful.
If a person begins a series of conversations, he will feel engaged.
If a person agrees with her friend, he will feel satisfied.
If a person agrees to take part in a course, he will feel pleased.
If a person admits he or she was wrong, he wants to apologize.
If a person organizes a walk-a-thon, he raises money for a good cause as a result.
If a person goes out for the night, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person and others falls in love, he wants to get married.
If a person worries about someone else, he wants to help.
If a person commits a sin, he wants to repent.
If a person sees the sunset, he enjoys the sunset as a result.
If a person hears an interesting story, he is interested in the story as a result.
If a person visits the city, he enjoys the city as a result.
A person continues working hard in order to achieve a goal.
If a person has a gut feeling, he wants to trust his gut.
If a person becomes a big success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person invents or produces something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person receives a refund, he will feel satisfied.
A person answers others's request in order to help PersonY.
A person asks a colleague's opinion in order to get feedback.
If a person is at a piano lesson, he learns to play the piano as a result.
If a person sees an article in the paper, he wants to read the article.
If a person went to a rock concert, he had a good time as a result.
If a person gets everything she wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes a rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person saves for retirement, he is financially secure as a result.
A person takes a lot of chances in order to be more daring.
If a person wonders about her future, he wants to figure out what she wants to do.
If a person goes in peace, he will feel content.
If a person undertakes a project, he will feel determined.
If a person reaches the peak of perfection, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on a special project, he wants to finish the project.
If a person has had a good workout, he will feel strong.
If a person works on himself, he will feel self-confident.
If a person has big dreams, he wants to achieve his dreams.
If a person wants to know more, he learns more as a result.
If a person decides to read a book, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks over things, he wants to make a decision.
A person talks to others about the rain in order to know what PersonY thinks about the rain.
If a person is cruel to others, he is disliked by PersonY as a result.
If a person finds the perfect pair of pants, he is pleased with his purchase as a result.
A person begs to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person puts everything to rest, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is elected for president, he will feel powerful.
If a person sorts out his life, he will feel peaceful.
A person dedicates effort to training in order to be a good trainer.
If a person is concerned about PersonalInjuryActionY, he wants to help PersonalInjuryActionY.
A person makes sure others has the directions in order to help PersonY.
If a person questions the damage, he will feel concerned.
A person continues her work in order to make money.
If a person is told to behave, he will feel controlled.
If a person studies on Saturdays, he will feel studious.
If a person makes an inspiring speech, he will feel confident.
If a person plays with the kittens, he learns to play with kittens as a result.
A person works long hours on weekends in order to be productive.
If a person is terrified of the future, he wants to know what's going to happen.
If a person suffers from a new illness, he will feel in pain.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he wants to attend.
A person raises questions in order to find out more about the situation.
If a person runs for exercise, he will feel energetic.
A person examines the window in order to know what is outside.
If a person has a delicious breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person sets out on a hike, he wants to relax.
If a person works on a specific task, he will feel focused.
If a person suddenly felt cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person regrets what he's done, he wants to make amends.
If a person takes a good care of others, he will feel good.
A person asks for a statement in order to tell the truth.
If a person has a weakness for others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
A person invites others on a hike in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person offers a good talk, he will feel understood.
If a person wins the case, he will feel triumphant.
If a person checks things off the list, he will feel organized.
A person listens to a self-hypnosis CD in order to be able to relax.
If a person has many loving friends, he will feel loved.
If a person thinks that others is not at all trustworthy, he wants to find out if PersonY is trustworthy.
If a person purchases it, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a new video game, he will feel happy.
If a person sings for a minute, he will feel good.
If a person waxes eloquent, he will feel brilliant.
If a person admires the courage of others, he is inspired by PersonY as a result.
If a person trains for 4 hours, he will feel motivated.
If a person builds a nest for himself, he has a comfortable place to sleep as a result.
If a person goes through difficulties, he wants to feel better.
If a person loves the work, he wants to keep working.
If a person has earned others's loyalty, he will feel respected.
If a person moves into a luxurious home, he will feel content.
If a person reads with delight a magazine article about others, he wants to read more about PersonY.
A person learns how to ski in order to be a better skier.
If a person arranges for a holiday, he will feel relaxed.
If a person was involved in a car accident, he will feel hurt.
If a person doesn't want to upset others, he stays calm as a result.
If a person gets up for others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person is in good health, he will feel content.
If a person makes certain others will attend, he will feel confident.
If a person has a new life, he will feel happy.
If a person completed graduate school, he will feel accomplished.
If a person checks everything, he makes sure everything is in order as a result.
If a person grows stronger, he will feel confident.
If a person is used to it, he will feel normal.
If a person recognizes others's authority, he gains respect for PersonY as a result.
A person starts learning to play the violin in order to be a musician.
A person tells others about her life in order to share her life with PersonY.
If a person discusses options, he will feel open.
A person visits the wise man in order to be enlightened.
A person goes outside with FriendY in order to spend time with FriendY.
If a person expresses appreciation, he will feel happy.
A person talks through his problems in order to solve his problems.
If a person misuses a stereo, he damages the stereo as a result.
If a person drinks an excessive amount of alcohol, he will feel inebriated.
If a person recalls her past experiences, he will feel nostalgic.
A person tries to do some exercise in order to feel better.
If a person manages to pique others's interest, he will feel successful.
If a person resolves to save the sinking ship, he will feel hopeful.
If a person plans for tomorrow, he will feel organized.
If a person lies in the sun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person hangs out with new friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person decides to go to college, he will feel hopeful.
If a person likes to challenge things, he wants to take on more challenges.
If a person has a book published, he will feel accomplished.
If a person injures his leg, he is in pain as a result.
If a person puts the plan into action, he will feel determined.
If a person feels suspicious, he wants to know more.
If a person realizes that something isn't right, he will feel worried.
If a person hates the monkey business, he wants to get rid of the monkey.
If a person learns to ask for help, he will feel supported.
If a person gets hurt, he is in pain as a result.
If a person and others settle down, he will feel content.
If a person buys tickets to the musical, he enjoys the musical as a result.
If a person picks her brain, he wants to learn more.
If a person is attacked in the forest, he is hurt as a result.
A person decides to do something nice for others in order to be a good friend.
A person starts working again in order to earn money.
If a person gives up the painkiller habit, he wants to live pain-free.
If a person realizes something important, he wants to find out what it is.
A person signs up for college classes in order to be a good student.
If a person gets a new video game, he wants to play it.
If a person gets employment, he is happy as a result.
If a person plans for the dinner, he will feel organized.
A person attends meditation class in order to be more peaceful.
A person reads about the case in order to know more about the case.
If a person takes up a new sport, he gets fit as a result.
If a person watches for traffic, he will feel alert.
A person acquires a motor vehicle in order to travel.
If a person worries that others will be left behind, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person enjoys a good laugh, he laughs a lot as a result.
If a person stops being rude, he wants to be nice.
If a person is fun to be with, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person accepts an explanation, he does not complain as a result.
A person head to the store in order to get groceries.
If a person disagrees with himself, he wants to change his mind.
If a person works on a special project, he will feel happy.
If a person studies for exam, he will feel determined.
A person is doing a financial transaction in order to make money.
If a person worries over it, he wants to do something about it.
If a person is right for the job, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes to dinner with family in order to spend time with his family.
If a person feels bad about something, he apologizes as a result.
If a person is watching a television program with his family, he will feel entertained.
If a person buys the goods, he is pleased with the goods as a result.
If a person makes a song and dance about it, he will feel delighted.
If a person notices that others is missing, he wants to find PersonY.
A person has to study for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person gets into a squabble, he will feel angry.
If a person got into an argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person has been doing yoga, he will feel relaxed.
A person plays her music in public in order to express herself.
If a person arrives at the gallery, he wants to see the art.
If a person receives compensation, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person visits a bookshop, he wants to read more.
If a person is totally shocked, he is very upset as a result.
If a person finally gets some action, he will feel excited.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he is happy as a result.
If a person fixes the situation, he will feel successful.
A person walks some blocks in order to be physically active.
If a person believes that others is in trouble, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person jokes with others, he will feel friendly.
If a person gets the chance, he will feel pleased.
A person deals with his issues in order to get better.
A person is leaving the house in order to be independent.
If a person wins a tournament, he will feel confident.
If a person feels very ill, he will feel miserable.
A person puts personY's feelings first in order to be sensitive to personY's feelings.
If a person drinks a can of beer, he will feel inebriated.
If a person has run out of food, he is hungry as a result.
If a person enters a programme, he will feel motivated.
If a person opens a new book, he wants to read more.
If a person has a very tight budget, he has to cut back on spending as a result.
A person begins to write poetry in order to express her feelings.
If a person decides to enroll in university, he will feel excited.
A person studies hard in order to get good grades.
If a person regrets what happened, he wants to fix it.
If a person learns to be self-sufficient, he will feel secure.
A person feels around the room in order to explore the room.
If a person finds some interesting data, he will feel pleased.
If a person does well in middle school, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person checks others's response, he wants to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person complained about it, he wants to get it fixed.
If a person is running late, he will feel rushed.
If a person listens to a tune, he is entertained as a result.
A person considers making small talk in order to be friendly.
If a person is involved in a wreck, he is injured as a result.
A person starts out on foot in order to be independent.
If a person attends a barbecue, he meets people as a result.
If a person finds something weird, he wants to investigate.
If a person hits the books, he will feel motivated.
If a person attempts to read few books, he learns to read as a result.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel happy.
If a person is trained to ride a bicycle, he will feel skilled.
If a person works on the home computer, he becomes more computer literate as a result.
If a person gets himself together, he will feel self-confident.
If a person gets angry with personY, he wants to yell at personY.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he feels more relaxed as a result.
If a person gives others a warm hug, he will feel happy.
If a person loses a beloved one, he is saddened as a result.
If a person is a member of the singing club, he sings at the club as a result.
If a person suspects his mate, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person enjoys the view, he will feel content.
If a person goes to church in the morning, he will feel connected.
If a person goes back to his old self, he will feel happy.
If a person studies one hour every day, he is seen as diligent.
If a person does a big job, he will feel accomplished.
A person introduces others to other people in order to help PersonY make friends.
If a person and others like each other, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person finds the right service in order to get the best service.
A person had been trying in order to do better.
If a person develops a new plan, he wants to execute the plan.
If a person suffers from hiccups, he wants to stop hiccuping.
If a person gets cleaned up, he looks good as a result.
If a person finds a way to express, he will feel understood.
If a person discovers a perfect solution, he will feel pleased.
A person spends the night at a friend's house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person worries about his family, he wants to help his family.
A person finds a way out in order to be independent.
If a person enrolls in school, he wants to study more.
If a person goes to an AA meeting, he gets sober as a result.
If a person is singing, he will feel content.
A person presents others with a birthday present in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person becomes used to it, he will feel normal.
If a person gets the thing, he will feel victorious.
If a person is right about this matter, he will feel confident.
If a person sets out on the journey, he wants to get to the end.
If a person buys the car, he will feel happy.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he improves his musical skills as a result.
If a person watches an aerial show, he will feel entertained.
If a person rides his bicycle, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person recieves advice from others, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person and others goes out for a drink, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person appears to win the debate, he will feel confident.
If a person leads the race, he will feel confident.
A person sews a present for others in order to be able to help PersonY.
A person mends the broken vase in order to make things better.
If a person gets all confused, he wants to figure out what is going on.
If a person enrolls in art school, he becomes an artist as a result.
If a person makes a few new friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person joins a sporting club, he gets fit as a result.
A person checks the mailbox in order to find out what is in the mailbox.
If a person thinks over the facts, he wants to make a decision.
A person continues her education in order to be a good student.
If a person comes over, he wants to talk.
If a person has a bad day, he will feel annoyed.
If a person has had a bad night, he feels depressed as a result.
If a person marries the right person, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person wants to give something back, he makes a donation as a result.
A person shows others how to do something in order to help PersonY.
A person waits for others's aid in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person and others work out, he and PersonY are stronger as a result.
If a person has broken ribs, he is in pain as a result.
If a person rethinks life, he wants to change his life.
If a person has already contacted others, he wants to stay in touch with PersonY.
If a person finds a job in town, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes on a leadership role, he will feel confident.
If a person is excited about others’s work, he will feel inspired.
If a person acquires a piece of knowledge, he will feel pleased.
A person studies others's hairstyle in order to know how to style PersonY's hair.
If a person is invited to a college reunion, he meets a former classmate as a result.
If a person has a successful new year, he is in a good mood as a result.
A person examines others in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person seeks a fortune teller’s advice, he wants to know his future.
If a person practices his preaching, he will feel good.
A person approaches the witness in order to talk to the witness.
If a person takes a walk through the park, he has a pleasant day as a result.
A person agrees to cook dinner in order to make dinner for her family.
If a person stands up to an enemy, he will feel brave.
If a person becomes the champion, he will feel happy.
A person swears to be the last time in order to make sure that the situation is not repeated.
If a person challenges an axiom, he wants to prove the axiom wrong.
If a person receives the prize, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wins a local competition, he will feel pleased.
If a person cooks a nice meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to skate, he becomes a better skater as a result.
If a person realizes he made a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person takes care of his things, he is neat as a result.
If a person likes listening to music, he will feel content.
If a person suspects murder, he wants to investigate.
A person continues with the plan in order to complete the plan.
If a person goes out of his way to encourage others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person defuses a crisis at work, he will feel successful.
If a person feels a responsibility, he wants to be a responsible adult.
If a person grows closer to 's friends, he is liked by PersonX's friends as a result.
A person travels back to school in order to finish school.
If a person joins a new gym, he will feel healthy.
A person goes on a solo mission in order to be independent.
If a person studies for the exam, he will feel motivated.
A person persuades others to take a trip in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person grows, he will feel strong.
If a person plans resistance, he will feel brave.
If a person heads to bed, he falls asleep as a result.
If a person learns about others's wife, he wants to know more about PersonY's wife.
A person tries to talk to others's daughter in order to get to know PersonY's daughter.
If a person falls off the motorcycle, he is injured as a result.
If a person is taking a drink, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries something new, he learns something new as a result.
If a person is hit by a ball, he will feel pain.
If a person has an effective strategy, he will feel successful.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to put on disguises, he can now hide his identity as a result.
A person measures the shelf in order to be sure the shelf is the right size.
If a person finally passes his driving test, he will feel happy.
If a person is given a position of power, he will feel empowered.
If a person completes a thesis, he will feel accomplished.
If a person puts on some glasses, he wants to see better.
If a person does something fun, he is happy as a result.
If a person spends time at the library, he reads more as a result.
A person teaches others to ride a bicycle in order to help PersonY.
If a person visits PlaceA, he enjoys PlaceA as a result.
If a person receives the good news, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes interested in a topic, he wants to study more.
If a person studies a book, he will feel focused.
If a person receives encouragement from others, he will feel happy.
If a person goes shopping for clothing, he buys a new outfit as a result.
If a person begins an experiment, he wants to get the results.
If a person attends every class, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person has a good meeting, he will feel satisfied.
If a person lives with others's family, he becomes close to PersonY's family as a result.
If a person can't take it, he gets angry as a result.
If a person defeats others in a fight, he will feel triumphant.
A person defends her sister in order to be a good sister.
If a person performs a well-rehearsed speech, he is seen as eloquent.
If a person listens to the coach, he wants to do what the coach says.
If a person suffers from diarrhea, he wants to stop having diarrhea.
If a person moves to the university, he wants to study.
A person orders some food from a particular restaurant in order to be able to eat at the restaurant.
If a person can't lie to others, he is honest as a result.
A person and others make a date to meet in order to be with PersonY.
If a person enjoys the outdoors, he wants to go to the park.
If a person grows as a person, he is more confident as a result.
If a person is well-groomed, he will feel neat.
A person chooses to move away in order to be free.
If a person researches information about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person takes a look at the situation in order to understand the situation.
If a person turns around to look at a sound, he wants to see what is making the sound.
If a person has a chat with others's friends, he gets to know PersonY's friends as a result.
If a person's ankle hurts, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person learns to play piano in order to be a better musician.
If a person likes the outdoors, he will feel content.
If a person accuses others of having been unfaithful, he wants to prove PersonY's guilt.
If a person gets a large shipment, he will feel pleased.
A person visits his aunt and uncle in order to see his family.
If a person follows others’s rules, he will feel obedient.
If a person is drinking juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person beats others at last, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks he has a chance, he wants to make a move.
If a person begins to apply his knowledge, he will feel competent.
If a person gets the upper hand, he is happy as a result.
A person keeps the matter quiet in order to avoid a problem.
A person will go to church in order to have a relationship with God.
A person gives an informative talk in order to share his knowledge.
If a person has some bad news, he is upset as a result.
A person cleans the whole house in order to make sure everything is clean.
A person makes the big decision in order to make a change.
If a person made a grave mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person has an argument with his girlfriend, he will feel upset.
If a person builds his business, he will feel successful.
If a person dances the night away, he will feel happy.
If a person is going to the party, he will feel excited.
A person looks up some information in order to know more about the subject.
If a person explains the facts of life, he is seen as honest.
A person listens to the voice in order to understand what the voice is saying.
A person starts meds in order to get better.
A person tries to close others's eyes in order to make PersonY go to sleep.
If a person enjoys a walk on the beach, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person puts on a robe, he will feel warm.
If a person makes progress on others's project, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person gets straightened out, he will feel content.
A person examines his mother in order to understand his mother.
If a person dresses up for work, he will feel professional.
If a person will go on, he will feel hopeful.
If a person prepares for the final confrontation, he will feel determined.
If a person practices meditation, he has a relaxed mind as a result.
If a person has done wrong, he will feel ashamed.
A person fills the water hole in order to make sure the water hole is full.
If a person writes about the world, he is seen as creative.
If a person puts on the new dress, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person plays videogames, he will feel entertained.
If a person gains interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person participates in a sport competition in order to show his athletic skills.
If a person wears a suit to work, he will feel formal.
A person sends funds to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person visits a political demonstration, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person realizes that others has been working hard, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person falls down a few times, he is hurt as a result.
If a person does a favour, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets hurt by his coworker, he will feel upset.
If a person realizes the mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person has new plans for the future, he will feel excited.
A person studies others's genealogy in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person confesses her doubts, he wants to be sure.
If a person's conscience pricks him, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person finds what she was looking for, he will feel content.
If a person goes to the sea, he enjoys the sea as a result.
A person has set up an insurance fund in order to be prepared for any eventuality.
If a person takes pride in others's success, he wants to help PersonY.
A person opens up his mind in order to know more about himself.
A person begins to talk about the dream in order to remember the dream.
A person speaks with someone about others's behavior in order to get information about PersonY.
If a person is subject to great pressures, he will feel stressed.
If a person gets over with it, he will feel good.
A person takes others to a rock concert in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person decides to investigate things, he wants to solve the mystery.
A person takes the cat for a walk in order to be with the cat.
A person should find out in advance in order to be prepared.
If a person makes a to-do list, he will feel organized.
If a person has been late for work the last three days, he is seen as irresponsible.
If a person gets used to his situation, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person took offense, he will feel angry.
If a person receives a stinging criticism, he will feel hurt.
If a person is bothered by a criminal, he wants to catch the criminal.
A person speaks out for the victim in order to make a difference.
If a person hesitates to begin writing, he will feel uncertain.
If a person is not up to snuff, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person examines something, he will feel interested.
If a person feels a responsibility, he wants to be more responsible.
If a person is reading, he is absorbed in the book as a result.
A person questions a shopkeeper in order to learn more about the shopkeeper.
A person starts classes in order to start a new school year.
A person makes a getaway in order to get away from the scene of the crime.
If a person resolves the issue, he is pleased as a result.
A person reads for her course in order to do well in her course.
If a person tries to succeed, he will feel determined.
If a person puts on her bathing suit, he will feel comfortable.
A person turns in homework on time in order to get good grades.
If a person isn't sure what is going on, he feels confused as a result.
If a person sings on the beach, he will feel content.
A person tries to get out of the way in order to avoid a fight.
If a person decides to work part-time, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes a job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person keeps getting hit by ball, he is seen as accident-prone.
If a person completes a given task, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person gains wealth, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others go out for drinks, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
If a person is invited to play with others, he will feel good.
If a person worries that something bad has happened, he wants to know what happened.
If a person receives a back massage, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets somewhere, he will feel successful.
If a person comes to understand something, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets a kiss from others, he feels happy as a result.
If a person develops a hobby, he wants to learn more about it.
If a person worries about his sick father, he wants to take care of his father.
If a person achieves a goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts hanging out with others again, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person takes the car out of the garage in order to drive the car.
If a person thinks about quitting college, he will feel anxious.
If a person invites personY over for a meal, he gets to know personY as a result.
If a person faces difficulties at work, he will feel stressed.
If a person hangs out with the guys, he will feel comfortable.
If a person wins the Championship, he will feel happy.
If a person can take care of himself, he will feel strong.
If a person wins big, he feels good as a result.
If a person hears a strange noise, he wants to investigate.
A person buys others’s plane ticket in order to help PersonY.
A person embarks on a journey in order to explore the world.
If a person puts his plan into action, he achieves his goal as a result.
If a person thanks others for the honesty, he will feel happy.
If a person is busy at work, he will feel tired.
If a person is out dancing, he has a great time as a result.
If a person is given a favorable review, he is pleased as a result.
If a person learns to play golf, he is a better golfer as a result.
If a person regrets the past, he wants to change the past.
If a person reads aloud from a textbook, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person gets paid what she asked for, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets a new truck, he will feel happy.
If a person thanks the chef, he will feel happy.
A person tests some rice in order to find out if the rice is good.
If a person gathers some info, he is better informed as a result.
If a person and others differ, he and PersonY argue as a result.
If a person's work goes well, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person gets distracted by an idea, he loses concentration as a result.
If a person practices a new skill, he improves at the skill as a result.
A person decides to work out in order to be healthy.
If a person learns to be at home, he will feel peaceful.
A person goes to a clinic in order to get a check up.
A person leaves a message in order to be able to call someone.
If a person can take care of himself, he will feel confident.
If a person is fed up with it all, he wants to quit.
If a person had a great date with others, he will feel content.
If a person examines the cause, he finds the problem as a result.
If a person gets his first pair of glasses, he sees better as a result.
If a person tries a new hairstyle, he wants to be more stylish.
If a person writes an important report, he wants to finish the report.
A person looks for a location in order to be in a new place.
If a person stays on a diet, he loses weight as a result.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he will feel relieved.
If a person accepts others's compliment, he will feel good.
If a person becomes aware of a problem, he takes action as a result.
If a person tells a friendly joke, he is rewarded with a laugh as a result.
If a person and others work out a problem, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person solves the problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person has already slept through the night, he will feel peaceful.
If a person struggles to keep going, he will feel frustrated.
If a person goes for a round of golf, he will feel content.
If a person moves to a new house, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets the better of others, he will feel pleased.
A person stays in the relationship in order to be with his girlfriend.
If a person keeps the ball rolling, he will feel motivated.
A person checks in with others's parents in order to keep PersonY's parents updated.
If a person takes a swim, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is afraid of being discovered, he wants to hide.
If a person makes a trip to the store, he buys some groceries as a result.
If a person often works out, he wants to stay in shape.
If a person finds herself in a predicament, he wants to be able to handle the situation.
If a person becomes totally upset, he wants to calm down.
If a person practices many times, he is seen as a hard worker.
If a person reads a report, he learns something new as a result.
If a person learns how to make change, he will feel skilled.
If a person finds fault, he wants to find a solution.
If a person realizes others needs help, he helps PersonY as a result.
A person reads the letter again in order to understand the letter.
A person asks others to work for him in order to have PersonY on his team.
A person takes a warm shower in order to feel refreshed.
If a person went jogging, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person and others entertain themselves, he will feel amused.
If a person expands his spiritual horizons, he will feel uplifted.
If a person and others rediscover how to be happy, he wants to stay happy.
If a person has stood firm in others's life, he will feel strong.
If a person is doing laundry, he has clean clothes as a result.
A person speaks to her mother on the phone in order to keep in touch with her mother.
If a person ends a successful period, he will feel happy.
A person talks to his friend in order to be able to talk to his friend.
If a person goes to the bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is upset with himself, he wants to feel better.
If a person can’t stay here, he wants to leave.
If a person continues the search, he will feel determined.
If a person realizes that the town is not on the map, he wants to find the town.
A person teaches others to drive in order to help PersonY.
If a person chooses not to give in, he will feel strong.
If a person tastes a treat, he likes the taste as a result.
If a person goes to others's site, he likes PersonY's site as a result.
If a person practices new moves, he is able to dance as a result.
If a person throws a big party, he will feel excited.
If a person shakes hands with a friend, he will feel friendly.
A person saves money for future expenses in order to be prepared for a rainy day.
If a person has a good argument, he will feel smart.
A person considers two points of view in order to see both sides of an issue.
A person decides to walk to the market in order to buy groceries.
If a person thinks that something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person consumes excessive alcohol, he becomes intoxicated as a result.
If a person sees a show, he has a good time as a result.
If a person checks out others’s background, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person is careful not to disrupt others in order to be respectful.
If a person appreciates others's ability, he is inspired by PersonY's skill as a result.
If a person practices good behavior, he will feel good.
If a person gives a good talk, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a day in the park, he will feel content.
If a person works on their computer, he will feel productive.
If a person urges others to fight, he wants to see PersonY win.
A person goes for a stroll in the woods in order to relax.
If a person is strong in face of danger, he survives as a result.
If a person is building something, he wants to finish it.
A person insists on seeing others in order to help PersonY.
If a person buys himself a new computer, he will feel happy.
If a person has fun doing something, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds a new hobby, he will feel content.
If a person puts on coat and hat, he is warm as a result.
If a person talks with great knowledge, he will feel competent.
If a person lives up to others's expectations, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person pays attention to the politics, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person receives flowers from a friend, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes up the challenge, he will feel courageous.
If a person regrets an argument, he wants to apologize.
If a person is complimented, he will feel happy.
A person ran for office in order to make a difference.
If a person is in good shape, he will feel strong.
If a person is told a very depressing story, he is upset as a result.
If a person tells a good joke, he is rewarded with a laugh as a result.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he is served the best food as a result.
If a person gets into a discussion, he will feel interested.
If a person has a successful business deal, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person shows that he is a good leader, he gains respect as a result.
If a person overworks, he will feel exhausted.
If a person starts to know, he wants to learn more.
If a person has a wreck, he is injured as a result.
If a person creates a to-do list, he will feel motivated.
A person walks to the window in order to look outside.
If a person likes to learn how, he will feel excited.
If a person keeps drinking, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person goes to an event, he has fun as a result.
A person travels back to school in order to complete her education.
If a person gets good grades, he will feel confident.
If a person's reputation goes up, he will feel confident.
If a person applies for a promotion, he will feel confident.
If a person takes care of his things, he will feel satisfied.
A person talks to a third party about the situation in order to have a third party opinion.
If a person says thanks to others, he will feel pleased.
If a person sends thank-you card, he will feel happy.
If a person admits she can't do this alone, he wants to get help.
A person and others gives to charity in order to help people.
A person goes to a doctor's appointment in order to feel better.
If a person argues with his parents, he will feel upset.
If a person checks on what's happening, he learns about the situation as a result.
If a person has a good deal, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes others a priority, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person fixes something on the boat in order to make the boat better.
If a person continues to train, he will feel determined.
If a person shows a good attitude, he will feel happy.
A person took the initiative in order to be more assertive.
If a person began to feel frustrated, he wants to stop feeling frustrated.
If a person goes back to visit others, he is happy to see PersonY as a result.
A person urges others to seize the day in order to help PersonY be more confident.
If a person writes in words, he will feel creative.
If a person accepts the job offer, he will feel happy.
If a person is very well known, he is respected as a result.
A person tries to speak to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person works for many hours, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person finally got it, he will feel satisfied.
A person teaches others to play the guitar in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets work done, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person reads a news report about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person is doubtful about the situation, he will feel confused.
A person gets a bite to eat in order to have a good meal.
If a person defeats a formidable enemy, he is seen as brave.
If a person has been living here for years, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets a sedative, he falls asleep as a result.
A person decides to fight back in order to be independent.
A person gets on the Internet in order to get information.
If a person decides to enroll in university, he wants to study hard.
A person digs into personY's arguments in order to understand personY's point of view.
A person works on his car in order to get his car fixed.
If a person devises a solution, he will feel smart.
If a person considers others's opinion valuable, he follows PersonY's advice as a result.
If a person learns to use the computer, he will feel competent.
If a person decides to take up an exercise, he will feel energized.
If a person starts to lose weight, he gets healthier as a result.
A person shows and explains in order to share his knowledge.
If a person gives her word, he is trusted as a result.
If a person gets into the relationship, he will feel excited.
If a person falls ill, he will feel miserable.
If a person flips through a book, he will feel curious.
If a person takes three days off, he is rested as a result.
If a person eats great food, he will feel full.
If a person finishes the next chapter, he will feel accomplished.
If a person handles tasks deftly, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others decide to get married, he will feel happy.
A person rushes into the burning building in order to save someone.
If a person reads some poetry, he learns to appreciate poetry as a result.
If a person struggles with life, he will feel defeated.
If a person is busy with work, he will feel stressed.
If a person has a terrible experience, he feels upset as a result.
If a person and others go to a concert, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person is incredibly motivated in order to do something that will make a difference.
If a person sets things right, he will feel triumphant.
A person is going to see others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person spends time in prayer, he will feel inspired.
A person looks it up on a website in order to know more about the topic.
If a person gets more than five hours of sleep, he will feel rested.
If a person learns of past experience, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
A person visits their mother in order to reconnect with their mother.
If a person finishes the whole book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person practices a sport, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person cannot tolerate it, he will feel frustrated.
If a person drinks a beverage, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person finds that his value system no longer works, he changes his values as a result.
If a person finds an employment offer, he wants to take the job.
If a person finally beats others, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a good impression, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a favour, he will feel grateful.
If a person is bothered, he wants to feel better.
If a person asks her parents for help, he is supported by her parents as a result.
A person reads over the list of rules in order to know what the rules are.
If a person has a full life, he will feel content.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he is interested in visiting the place as a result.
If a person works on himself, he feels better as a result.
If a person subscribes to a theory, he wants to be right.
If a person participates in the parade, he is seen by many people as a result.
If a person makes friends easily, he will feel comfortable.
If a person found the right information, he is confident as a result.
If a person sees a pretty butterfly, he is amazed by the beauty of the butterfly as a result.
If a person solves a business problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has severe pain, he will feel miserable.
If a person has a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person helps others find more, he will feel helpful.
If a person reasons with someone, he will feel intelligent.
A person buys a truck in order to be able to transport things.
If a person listens to music, he will feel happy.
If a person looks at an equation, he wants to understand it.
If a person comes to help me, he makes me happy as a result.
A person calls his parents in order to keep in touch with his family.
If a person is very busy, he will feel stressed.
If a person teaches others, he is seen as a good teacher.
If a person solves a murder case, he will feel victorious.
If a person hears a horror story, he will feel scared.
A person attempts to get the job in order to be successful.
A person takes great care in order to be healthy.
If a person continues to work hard, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others go to the market, he wants to buy some food.
A person calls and talks with others in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person and others starts fighting, he will feel angry.
If a person makes the voyage, he wants to see the world.
If a person is tired of studying, he wants to study less.
If a person is being threatened, he will feel frightened.
If a person drives a car to school, he will feel independent.
If a person responds to a baby's cries, he learns to comfort a baby as a result.
If a person bathes regularly, he will feel refreshed.
A person listens to a recording of others's speech in order to hear what PersonY said.
If a person and others go to see an exhibition, he will feel entertained.
If a person studies for a medical degree, he gets a medical degree as a result.
A person keeps out of the limelight in order to be anonymous.
A person invites others along in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person tries to sing in tune in order to be good at singing.
If a person doesn't like what others has done, he wants to stop PersonY.
If a person rests well, he will feel calm.
If a person acquires a house, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is appalled by others's betrayal, he loses her trust in PersonY as a result.
If a person is upset about the news, he is depressed as a result.
A person resumes studying in order to do well in school.
If a person has fun on the train, he will feel content.
If a person volunteers to handle the problem, he resolves the problem as a result.
A person goes into therapy in order to talk about his feelings.
A person stops to look at a store window in order to see what is in the window.
If a person makes some friends, he wants to hang out with them.
If a person receives a warm welcome, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others go biking, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person told the truth to others, he is believed by PersonY as a result.
If a person seems to be enjoying himself, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person conquers fear, he becomes a more confident person as a result.
If a person learns about ethics, he gains respect for ethics as a result.
A person is back to work in order to be productive.
If a person cannot stand it any longer, he wants to leave.
If a person studies every day, he will feel challenged.
If a person's attitude improves, he will feel relieved.
If a person determines to have fun, he enjoys his day as a result.
If a person gets blamed, he will feel hurt.
If a person meets his or her needs, he will feel fulfilled.
A person wears fine clothes in order to be well dressed.
If a person signs up for college classes, he will feel excited.
A person considers a response in order to think before responding.
If a person does his work, he will feel good.
If a person is overjoyed, he wants to jump up and down.
A person talks to others about others's sister in order to know more about PersonY's sister.
If a person knows he did the right thing, he will feel relieved.
If a person has a purpose, he wants to achieve his purpose.
If a person decides to move forward, he wants to be successful.
A person follows a study plan in order to be a better student.
If a person likes to go out with friends, he will feel happy.
A person hires a cleaning lady in order to make his house clean.
If a person learns to respect others, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person buys a little puppy, he wants to take care of the puppy.
A person rings others to apologize in order to make amends.
If a person studies more than last year, he will feel motivated.
A person continues to work with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person notices something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person goes hunting for fresh food, he eats a lot of fresh food as a result.
If a person watches a football game, he will feel entertained.
If a person is active, he will feel energized.
If a person gets the big break, he will feel thrilled.
If a person became ill, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person went jogging, he will feel energized.
A person consults a lawyer in order to be able to deal with a legal problem.
If a person dislikes being annoyed, he wants to avoid being annoyed.
A person repaints his room in order to improve his environment.
A person convinces others to go to a bar in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person looks it up in a book, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has wonderful parents, he will feel cared for.
If a person gets to sleep, he sleeps well as a result.
If a person procures some delicious treats, he will feel delighted.
If a person and others does morning exercises, he and PersonY get fit as a result.
If a person moves into a new house, he will feel comfortable.
A person begins to live in a new place in order to have a new life.
If a person meets many people, he learns to socialize as a result.
A person is in the shower in order to be clean.
A person goes to sleep at night in order to be rested.
If a person enters a friendly competition, he wants to win.
If a person beats others at last, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is successful in his business, he will feel satisfied.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he will feel happy.
If a person has a stable job, he will feel content.
If a person goes ahead with a plan, he will feel determined.
A person studies how to play chess in order to improve his skills.
If a person is not sure where he came from, he is curious about his origins as a result.
If a person tries to stay calm, he doesn’t explode as a result.
A person attends a self-help class in order to improve his life.
If a person lets go of a grudge, he will feel liberated.
If a person considers the possible consequences, he makes a decision as a result.
A person tries to get out of class in order to be alone.
If a person obtains the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees others looking ill, he is concerned about PersonY as a result.
If a person has the numbers, he will feel confident.
If a person studies the result, he wants to know why.
If a person has a new painting, he will feel pleased.
A person attempts to sweet-talk others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person uses some brainpower, he learns to solve a problem as a result.
A person tries to look at others's letter in order to know what PersonY wrote.
If a person feels that others is a nuisance, he wants to keep PersonY away.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel dedicated.
If a person examines a novel that a friend gave her, he will feel interested.
If a person gets a job offer, he wants to take the job.
A person is at a family party in order to spend time with his family.
If a person gets a pension, he will feel cared for.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person changes her ways, he wants to be a better person.
A person searches the web in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person wins a chess game, he will feel pleased.
If a person experiences a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person receives a basket of flowers, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to a performance, he enjoys the performance as a result.
If a person buys the house, he will feel satisfied.
If a person moves up the corporate ladder, he will feel powerful.
If a person negotiates a settlement, he will feel successful.
If a person worries about reputation, he wants to get a good reputation.
If a person has a very enjoyable time, he is very happy as a result.
If a person examines an object, he wants to know more about the object.
If a person swells with rage, he wants to scream.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he will feel good.
If a person makes out with his girlfriend, he will feel excited.
If a person packs to go on vacation, he will feel excited.
If a person goes through the article, he will feel interested.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he will feel concerned.
If a person gets to the ticket counter, he buys a ticket as a result.
If a person researches for a report, he finishes the report as a result.
If a person explains the problems, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person visits a strip joint, he will feel entertained.
A person and others study at university in order to get a degree.
If a person reads newspapers at breakfast, he will feel curious.
If a person turns a profit, he will feel pleased.
A person goes out on a trip in order to see the world.
A person quits before getting fired in order to avoid the negative consequences of getting fired.
If a person is granted a wish, he is happy as a result.
If a person puts on a coat and gloves, he will feel warm.
If a person is going on a date, he wants to have a good time.
If a person experiences great distress, he wants to feel better.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he appears reasonable as a result.
A person begins to do more exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person is on the job, he will feel productive.
A person encourages others to try in order PersonY to be successful.
If a person takes an interest in sports, he is more active as a result.
A person rides with her family in order to spend time with her family.
If a person makes sound investments, he will feel satisfied.
If a person attends the party, he has fun as a result.
If a person gets well organized, he will feel in control.
A person has a surprise party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person looks it up on the computer in order to know more about the topic.
If a person decides to take a break, he gets more rest as a result.
A person talks to others about things in order to be open with PersonY.
A person applies to colleges in order to get a good education.
If a person gives others a nice ride, he will feel good.
If a person convinces others to work for him, he will feel pleased.
A person examines his conscience in order to be sure of his actions.
If a person finds the murderer, he will feel victorious.
A person tells it to everyone in order to spread the word.
If a person does something for herself, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person tells the good news, he will feel excited.
If a person realizes a good idea, he wants to use the idea.
If a person considers others's view, he wants to listen to PersonY.
A person teaches others new techniques in order to help PersonY.
A person writes a letter to an old friend in order to express her feelings.
If a person signs up for the tour, he is excited about the tour as a result.
A person reports it to police in order to do the right thing.
A person accepts a proposal from others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person gets his act together, he becomes a responsible adult as a result.
If a person takes over the reading, he will feel in charge.
A person studies to become a mechanic in order to learn a new skill.
A person stops to listen in order to hear the other person's point of view.
If a person listens to a report, he will feel informed.
A person takes others out in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person speaks to others about it in order to know what PersonY thinks.
A person attends a self-help class in order to learn how to deal with problems.
A person waters flowers in order to keep the flowers alive.
If a person has a deep faith, he will feel encouraged.
A person encourages others to talk about himself in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person has the last laugh, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works on the frame, he is able to fix the bike as a result.
If a person learns to drive a stick shift, he becomes a better driver as a result.
If a person got a new bed, he is more comfortable as a result.
A person plans the date in order to make sure the date goes well.
If a person is winning, he is pleased as a result.
A person continues to take the medication in order to be well.
A person goes to Church in order to be spiritual.
A person goes full speed ahead in order to get the job done.
If a person likes to do things, he will feel energetic.
If a person finds what she is looking for, he will feel successful.
If a person convinces others to wear something, he will feel pleased.
A person really tries this time in order to be successful.
A person plans to lead an active life in order to be independent.
If a person thinks they are being taken advantage of, he wants to get even.
If a person gets his own back, he will feel triumphant.
A person starts from a scratch in order to make a fresh start.
If a person has slept during the day, he will feel rested.
If a person decides to go to the party, he will feel happy.
A person makes a strong effort in order to be successful.
If a person decides to repent, he wants to be a better person.
If a person worries about her grades, he wants to do better.
If a person has a pleasant surprise, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to perform a favor, he wants to get paid.
If a person opens her arms to hug others, he will feel joyful.
If a person goes to a theater, he is entertained as a result.
A person gets in touch with their family in order to be closer to their family.
If a person embarks on a cross-country trip, he visits new places as a result.
If a person and others enjoy playing together, he will feel joyful.
If a person makes things right, he will feel confident.
If a person tries to make sense of the question, he wants to find the answer.
If a person begins to learn to play the violin, he becomes a better violinist as a result.
If a person wins the big prize, he will feel happy.
If a person has success, he will feel proud.
A person carries out a transaction in order to earn money.
If a person works harder than ever, he wants to be a better worker.
If a person collects apples, he has a lot of apples as a result.
If a person is uncomfortable in others’s car, he will feel tense.
If a person attends a theatrical play, he will feel amused.
If a person goes through life with ease, he will feel confident.
If a person will get good marks, he will feel confident.
A person enters the store in order to get some items.
A person takes care of the dog in order to make sure the dog is happy.
A person studies for exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person gets a cuddle, he is comforted as a result.
A person begins to run away in order to be free.
If a person goes to yoga class, he will feel relaxed.
If a person eats some food, he will feel full.
If a person fights for moral rights, he wants to win the case.
A person starts up a shower in order to be clean.
A person is free to speak in order to share his thoughts.
If a person has this strange thought, he wants to know what it is.
A person has an appointment with his doctor in order to get a check up.
If a person explores the market, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides to have a rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person thrives on others's lectures, he will feel inspired.
If a person sees things to the end, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes to a lawyer in order to have a lawyer on his side.
If a person picks the correct answer, he will feel confident.
If a person sorts out his life, he will feel content.
If a person rises to power, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person learns to live for herself, he wants to be independent.
If a person gets a good marks, he will feel happy.
If a person performs a helpful act, he will feel appreciated.
If a person draws up a plan, he wants to carry out the plan.
If a person is reminded of a painful memory, he will feel sad.
If a person explains more details, he is seen as thorough.
A person learns how to hunt in order to become a better hunter.
If a person wakes up and goes to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person regrets her decision, he wants to make a different decision.
A person is about to take a shower in order to be clean.
If a person enjoys a snack, he will feel content.
If a person considers others’s situation, he wants to be considerate.
If a person resents others's behaviour, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person takes the medicine, he gets better as a result.
If a person overcomes it, he will feel victorious.
If a person will get good marks, he will feel pleased.
If a person gains a valuable skill, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds what is desired, he will feel happy.
If a person is struggling with a problem, he wants to get help.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he is happy as a result.
If a person can't take the heat, he wants to be cool.
A person waits for others to speak in order to hear PersonY's opinion.
If a person shares a hug with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person plays with her new toy, he is happy as a result.
If a person is prepared for things, he is calm as a result.
If a person watches a foreign film, he will feel entertained.
A person helps others find more in order to help PersonY.
If a person looks up to his uncle, he will feel respected.
If a person gets a girlfriend, he is happy as a result.
If a person keeps a cool head, he does not get angry as a result.
If a person continues to meet deadlines, he will feel motivated.
If a person has started thinking about getting married, he wants to start a family.
If a person goes for a short walk, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person has found a new direction, he will feel motivated.
If a person is drinking, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person finishes off the agenda, he will feel accomplished.
If a person likes to help others, he will feel satisfied.
A person follows a routine in order to be organized.
If a person takes over the work, he will feel in control.
If a person takes on a cause, he will feel inspired.
A person takes others to the beach in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person regrets her comment, he wants to apologize.
If a person takes a little break, he will feel rested.
A person follows a rule in order to be consistent.
If a person seems to be taking it easy, he will feel calm.
If a person presses ahead with a spring in his step, he will feel confident.
If a person projects a positive attitude, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a bath with others, he will feel refreshed.
If a person stands his ground, he will feel courageous.
If a person sings Christmas carols, he will feel festive.
If a person has discovered enough, he will feel satisfied.
If a person organizes his stuff, he is neat as a result.
If a person completes an assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person talks to his friends, he will feel connected.
If a person is cheered up by his family, he feels better as a result.
If a person accepts the compliment, he will feel happy.
If a person finds herself in a dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
A person sticks to his story in order to be honest.
If a person has accomplished something, he will feel proud.
If a person sets up a long-term plan, he wants to stick to the plan.
If a person is in the middle of a deal, he wants to finish the deal.
If a person is well-groomed, he is handsome as a result.
If a person wins the contest, he will feel happy.
If a person stays in touch with others, he will feel connected.
If a person feels confident about school, he wants to be a good student.
If a person reads articles and books, he is knowledgeable as a result.
If a person returns to his normal routine, he will feel happy.
A person expands his spiritual horizons in order to understand himself better.
If a person is devastated by death, he wants to grieve.
If a person has difficulty making a decision, he will feel indecisive.
If a person grows in importance, he will feel respected.
If a person searches for others's name online, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person does others's homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person dresses up well, he will feel attractive.
A person creates own schedule in order to be in control of her time.
If a person trains in martial arts, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person listens to reason, he learns to be reasonable as a result.
If a person is about to leave on vacation, he will feel excited.
If a person buys the new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person wins at tennis, he feels happy as a result.
A person stops the fighting in order to avoid violence.
A person is building an addition in order to be able to expand his house.
If a person really wants to help others, he does help PersonY as a result.
If a person walks around town, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person does yoga in her room, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others goes to a concert, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person takes care of his things, he will feel organized.
If a person takes care of the situation, he will feel competent.
A person puts on his trousers in order to look presentable.
A person moves the conversation forward in order to get to the point.
If a person is capable of doing it, he will feel confident.
If a person meets the father, he learns more about his father as a result.
If a person receives a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person puts in the work, he wants to be rewarded.
If a person watches few movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person has no idea where to look, he will feel clueless.
If a person begins traveling, he wants to travel more.
If a person talks to an expert about the world, he learns about the world as a result.
A person starts talking again in order to communicate with others.
If a person attends a concert, he has a good time as a result.
A person does everything he can in order to succeed.
If a person argues with personY, he gets angry as a result.
If a person buys a bouquet of flowers, he will feel happy.
If a person practices his preaching, he will feel motivated.
A person learns to speak a foreign language in order to improve his communication skills.
If a person wants others to succeed, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person thinks back to a pleasant memory, he will feel peaceful.
If a person learns to accept new ideas, he wants to understand.
If a person asks others about the problem, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person continues working, he will feel determined.
A person buys a new chair in order to have a comfortable chair.
If a person felt guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person completes a training course, he will feel motivated.
A person states the facts in order to be honest.
A person asks a leading question in order to find out more about the person he is talking to.
If a person honors others's work, he will feel proud.
If a person gets a foot massage, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks back to a pleasant memory, he wants to remember the memory.
If a person returns to the house, he sees his family as a result.
A person lets others know what he thinks in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person and others watch videos, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he becomes a violinist as a result.
A person folds the clothes in order to make sure the clothes are folded properly.
If a person makes an experiment, he wants to see the results.
If a person knows his way around, he will feel confident.
If a person remembers to take precautions, he will feel safe.
If a person sells a lot of stuff, he is seen as a good salesman.
If a person buys a snowboard, he enjoys snowboarding as a result.
If a person is recognized for having made an outstanding achievement, he is congratulated by his peers as a result.
If a person and others take a stroll, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person and others drink at a bar, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person and others read comics, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person is good to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person finds a good person, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a great vacation, he will feel content.
If a person gets involved in an accident, he is injured as a result.
A person dines out with family in order to spend time with his family.
If a person checks out a file, he learns more about the file as a result.
A person convinces others to join a movement in order to make a difference.
If a person saw an attractive man, he is interested in the man as a result.
If a person learns about the neighborhood, he will feel enlightened.
If a person toasts with everyone, he will feel included.
If a person is let out of jail, he will feel relieved.
If a person appreciates that others respects , he is happy as a result.
If a person organizes a reunion, he wants to stay in touch with old friends.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he will feel accomplished.
If a person enters the supermarket, he buys some groceries as a result.
If a person likes the painting, he wants to keep the painting.
If a person keeps wandering around, he will feel lost.
If a person stays on a diet, he will feel determined.
If a person bangs her head against the wall, he will feel frustrated.
If a person makes love to others, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person worries that something bad has happened, he wants to find out what happened.
A person puts on a dress in order to look pretty.
If a person is enjoying herself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person examines the text, he wants to understand the book.
If a person's clothes get ruined, he wants to replace his clothes.
If a person is having second thoughts, he will feel worried.
A person convinces others to talk in order to solve the problem.
If a person gets water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person follows a strategy, he will feel determined.
If a person has a respectable position, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to go on a trip in order to see the world.
If a person must prove himself, he will feel determined.
If a person runs through the neighborhood, he will feel energetic.
A person is enrolled in school in order to be educated.
If a person is so angry, he wants to scream.
A person waits for others to speak in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person has noticed that his boss is missing, he wants to find his boss.
If a person makes the right choice, he will feel confident.
If a person's job is hanging by a thread, he will feel stressed.
If a person performs admirably, he will feel confident.
A person talks to the mailman in order to have a conversation.
If a person considers how to ask, he will feel curious.
If a person resolves an issue, he will feel happy.
If a person deals with his issues, he wants to get better.
If a person takes a walk through the park, he will feel calm.
If a person reports an error in the newspaper, he wants to correct the error.
If a person and others walk around the block together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person and others have an open relationship, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person starts to get what he wants, he will feel confident.
If a person corrects his mistake, he will feel good.
If a person does not feel at home, he wants to move out.
If a person reads an informative paper, he is interested in the subject as a result.
If a person attends a high school reunion, he wants to see old friends.
If a person goes to the tailor, he will feel elegant.
If a person questions his decision, he wants to make a different decision.
If a person makes amends to others, he wants to be friends with PersonY.
If a person thinks about others's welfare, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person reads them online, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person reads the newspaper every day, he will feel informed.
If a person wonders about the things he has heard, he wants to know more.
A person goes camping with a group of friends in order to spend time with friends.
A person has to study in order to do well in school.
If a person and others engage in some leisure activities, he and PersonY are more relaxed as a result.
If a person learns some thing, he will feel enlightened.
If a person converses with a stranger, he learns to converse as a result.
If a person sits in his usual seat, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has a heated argument with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person is appointed to a job, he will feel successful.
A person moves back in with parents in order to be closer to his family.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he is scared as a result.
A person goes to swim practice in order to get in shape.
If a person had a great time, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries his hand at a new hobby, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets others’s favor, he will feel satisfied.
If a person encourages others to go on, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
A person gives someone a present in order to make someone happy.
A person fixes the swingset in order to make sure the swingset is safe.
If a person begins to meditate, he calms down as a result.
If a person puts on his sweater, he will feel warm.
If a person makes a mistake in public, he is embarrassed as a result.
A person sets out for a journey in order to explore the world.
If a person acquires expertise, he is a success as a result.
If a person takes on a leadership role, he will feel powerful.
If a person puts on the make-up, he is beautiful as a result.
If a person receives great praise, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new computer, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes the right choice, he is happy as a result.
A person talks to others on the telephone in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person writes to his ex-girlfriend in order to keep in touch with his ex-girlfriend.
If a person is running for president, he wants to win.
If a person comes from a long line of the learned, he will feel smart.
A person tries to call home in order to talk to his family.
If a person always does homework, he does well in school as a result.
If a person tells something about the past, he is seen as insightful.
If a person is crazy about someone, he wants to see the person.
If a person continues to meet deadlines, he is seen as responsible.
A person likes to buy this for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person finds something special, he will feel content.
If a person holds a meeting to complain, he will feel frustrated.
A person is looking forward to going back home in order to be with his family.
A person goes to gym class in order to get fit.
If a person ends up drinking alone, he ends up drunk as a result.
If a person fixes the issue, he will feel successful.
A person and others engage in some leisure activities in order to relax and PersonY wants to have fun.
A person comes up with a good idea in order to do something useful.
If a person rekindles a relationship, he will feel hopeful.
If a person really takes care of others, he will feel good.
If a person fears others will be sad, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person looks for job opportunities, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a successful date, he will feel happy.
If a person and others celebrate a special occasion, he will feel happy.
If a person heads out on the town, he will feel carefree.
A person feels around in order to know what is around him.
If a person develops a hobby, he wants to do it more.
A person chooses to get involved in order to be part of the community.
If a person buys something for herself, he will feel pleased.
If a person provides support to someone in need, he will feel good.
If a person puts a movie on, he is entertained as a result.
If a person is concerned about PersonalInjuryActionY, he wants to avoid PersonalInjuryActionY.
If a person proves his dominance, he gets to have his way as a result.
If a person is paid a compliment, he will feel happy.
If a person finds it to be interesting, he will feel happy.
A person requests others’s opinions in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person goes dancing with family, he will feel joyful.
If a person finds out something really interesting, he is happy as a result.
If a person practices reading, he improves her reading skills as a result.
If a person goes out for a job, he will feel determined.
If a person gets to go, he is happy as a result.
A person reads so much in order to learn.
A person gives the dog a bone in order to be nice to the dog.
If a person learns about news, he gets interested in news as a result.
If a person considers others's opinion, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person decides to take a vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a good future, he will feel confident.
If a person starts playing games, he will feel excited.
If a person laments his brother's disappearance, he wants to find his brother.
If a person attends a scientific meeting, he will feel informed.
If a person has an evening out, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person seeks to please others, he gains PersonY’s approval as a result.
If a person has a good life, he will feel content.
If a person gets extra glasses, he wants to see better.
If a person receives the gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person catches the bad guy, he will feel victorious.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person marries the belle of the ball, he will feel happy.
A person insists on finishing the cake in order to make the cake perfect.
If a person takes pride in others's accomplishments, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person acquires credentials, he will feel respected.
If a person experiences big changes, he becomes a different person as a result.
If a person borrows books from a library, he reads more books as a result.
A person fights it out in order to fight for what he believes in.
A person puts on coat and hat in order to be prepared for the cold weather.
If a person checks on him, he sees that he is okay as a result.
A person gets out of the van in order to be outside.
A person asks for time off in order to be alone.
A person runs toward others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person notices others smiling, he thinks PersonY is happy as a result.
A person makes an early start in order to be ahead of the game.
If a person comes to others's defense, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person likes others's gourmet cooking, he will feel satisfied.
A person attempts to reason with others in order to resolve the conflict.
If a person pays attention to the politics, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person runs up to her friend, he wants to talk to her friend.
If a person can't take it, he wants to leave.
A person tries to talk things over in order to be understood.
If a person tells the public, he is seen as truthful.
If a person is frustrated with work, he will feel anxious.
If a person wants to use others as a witness, he gets PersonY to testify as a result.
If a person falls from stairs, he is injured as a result.
If a person succeeds in escaping, he will feel free.
If a person is really nice, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person realizes the significance of her mistake, he will feel remorseful.
A person trains kendo in order to be a good martial artist.
A person offers a present to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is able to explain it, he is understood as a result.
If a person has high ideals, he wants to make a difference.
If a person convinces others to go, he will feel successful.
If a person has fallen and can't get up, he is injured as a result.
If a person works to earn more money, he will feel motivated.
If a person admits others's contributions, he wants to give credit to PersonY.
If a person makes a great discovery, he will feel pleased.
A person looks for it online in order to learn about it.
If a person enjoys the spring breeze, he will feel content.
If a person appreciates others’s thinking, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
A person pokes around in order to find out what is going on.
If a person convinces others to call the police, he will feel pleased.
If a person is nice to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person jogs for exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person learns from mistakes, he improves as a result.
A person tries to speak a language in order to communicate with people.
If a person finds a need, he wants to find a solution.
If a person falls down while skateboarding, he is injured as a result.
If a person signs up for volunteer work, he will feel good.
If a person cleans up the meeting, he will feel accomplished.
If a person stands up for someone, he will feel confident.
If a person defeats a foe, he will feel triumphant.
A person calls others’s landline phone in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person and others sit by the window, he and PersonY get some fresh air as a result.
If a person gets a paper accepted, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to enroll in university in order to learn more.
If a person is cut to pieces, he is in pain as a result.
If a person enjoys a lot of money, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns the difference between lies and truths, he learns to tell the truth as a result.
If a person has a bad year, he will feel down.
A person phones others's home in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person pens a thank-you note, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a good buy, he will feel happy.
If a person is disappointed about something, he wants to feel better.
A person calls others up on the phone in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person gets herself a new chair, he will feel happy.
If a person has a hearty breakfast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person moves up a notch, he will feel pleased.
If a person enacts plans, he will feel organized.
A person uses his senses in order to be aware of his surroundings.
A person gives others a sponge bath in order to help PersonY.
If a person helps someone else out, he will feel good.
A person participates in public protest in order to make a difference.
A person initiates a business plan in order to be self sufficient.
If a person has planned for this, he will feel ready.
A person moves back to his parents' home in order to be close to his family.
If a person adjusts to a new medication, he gets better as a result.
If a person is troubled by his past, he will feel anxious.
If a person relaxes a little, he will feel refreshed.
If a person looks it up on the computer, he will feel interested.
A person has a spontaneous walk on the beach in order to be in nature.
If a person starts living a better life, he wants to keep on living a better life.
If a person and others decide to take a drive, he will feel adventurous.
A person reviews what’s been said in order to understand the conversation.
If a person plans to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a great book, he will feel intelligent.
If a person thinks they are in trouble, he will feel nervous.
If a person has a dangerous encounter, he will feel frightened.
If a person is able to rest, he will feel calm.
If a person tries to drink too much, he will feel inebriated.
A person is open to therapy in order to improve his mental health.
If a person works on himself, he is in better shape as a result.
A person checks to see if others is all right in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person is in a boat accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person complains to the management, he will feel angry.
If a person starts to doubt himself, he will feel confused.
A person and others perform community service in order to help people and PersonY wants to be a good citizen.
If a person is given an opportunity, he wants to use the opportunity.
If a person is not exactly sure of her whereabouts, he wants to know where she is.
A person takes a course on philosophy in order to improve his mind.
If a person uses others's help, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel happy.
If a person is the author of a popular book, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person purchases a bike, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes his first shower, he will feel clean.
A person writes home in order to communicate with his family.
If a person is confused by something, he will feel frustrated.
If a person brags about achievements, he will feel confident.
A person teaches others to run in order to make PersonY a better runner.
If a person asks questions to get answers, he wants to know everything.
If a person has a glass of juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is a role model, he is praised by her peers as a result.
A person does her work in order to do her best.
If a person manages not to panic, he will feel calm.
A person takes his job more seriously in order to get ahead.
If a person appears on the bank’s radar, he is questioned by the bank as a result.
A person moves from one apartment to another in order to be in a new place.
If a person snuggles up with others, he will feel relaxed.
A person continues the investigation in order to solve the mystery.
If a person drinks alcoholic beverages, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person and others are partners, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person reads good books, he is a better reader as a result.
If a person has fun with others's children, he becomes friends with PersonY's children as a result.
If a person expresses a complaint, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets shot at, he is injured as a result.
If a person has a fun idea, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person wanted to go home in order to be close to his family.
If a person continues to work out, he will feel determined.
If a person wins the scholarship, he will feel pleased.
If a person recognizes others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
A person asks others to talk in order to know PersonY's opinion.
A person studies a foreign language in order to learn a new language.
If a person sings along with music, he will feel happy.
If a person is about to run out of food, he is about to starve as a result.
If a person is a psychotherapy patient, he wants to get better.
If a person makes all preparations for the event, he will feel organized.
If a person wins a chess match, he will feel pleased.
If a person is fun to be with, he is a good friend as a result.
A person connects to the database in order to get the information.
If a person does things for other people, he will feel helpful.
A person leaves with a friend in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person goes to have fun, he will feel energized.
A person manages the schedule in order to keep track of the events.
If a person gives a speech to an audience, he is seen as eloquent.
If a person spends some time with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he has a good time as a result.
If a person works on a theory, he wants to test his theory.
If a person arranges a surprise for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person has always respected others, he is always polite to PersonY as a result.
If a person has a good heart, he is kind as a result.
A person practices Kung Fu in order to improve his Kung Fu skills.
If a person is shown a way out, he will feel hopeful.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he enjoys playing the violin as a result.
A person goes to lunch with a friend in order to spend time with a friend.
A person talks to others and considers the possibilities in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person knows how to cope, he is calm as a result.
If a person wins a valuable award, he will feel honored.
If a person explores others's treasures, he wants to see more of PersonY's treasures.
A person won't let go of others's arm in order to keep PersonY close.
A person practices flute in order to be better at playing the flute.
If a person starts to dance, he will feel energized.
If a person relaxes on the couch, he will feel content.
A person organizes the first meeting in order to get the ball rolling.
If a person is assaulted by a colleague, he will feel upset.
If a person makes others a priority, he wants to make sure PersonY is happy.
If a person lands on a new job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others have fun together, he will feel pleased.
If a person walks for exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person overcomes difficulties, he will feel successful.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he is organized as a result.
If a person finds her objective, he will feel satisfied.
If a person attempts to get the job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is found out to be a liar, he is told to stop lying as a result.
If a person talks about what's wrong, he will feel concerned.
If a person has an emergency, he wants to call a doctor.
If a person rakes in the profits, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a great idea, he will feel confident.
A person studies for a class in order to do well in school.
If a person feels intrigued, he wants to investigate.
A person practices being polite in order to improve her social skills.
If a person has a meaningful conversation, he is pleased with the conversation as a result.
If a person checks on a noise, he wants to see what is making the noise.
If a person recognizes her mistake, he wants to correct her mistake.
A person quits their job in order to do something different.
If a person wins first place in a contest, he will feel happy.
A person checks his or her financial statements in order to know how his or her business is doing.
If a person changes over time, he will feel different.
If a person eats a hearty meal, he is full as a result.
If a person takes a long vacation, he is rested as a result.
If a person makes it to the big game, he will feel accomplished.
If a person helps with the chores, he will feel productive.
If a person learns to care, he is kinder to others as a result.
If a person is bewildered by others's feelings, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person proves to be an excellent guide, he is praised by the group as a result.
If a person succeeds, he will feel pleased.
If a person spends a lot of time talking, he learns to communicate as a result.
If a person is able to dream better, he wants to dream more.
If a person gets annoyed with questions, he wants to get away from the questions.
A person confronts her husband in order to resolve the conflict.
If a person is injured in an explosion, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets right to the point, he will feel focused.
If a person has a bright future, he will feel excited.
If a person lands the job, he will feel pleased.
A person makes a mental note in order to remember the information.
If a person’s football team wins, he is proud of his team as a result.
If a person reports others's misdeed, he wants to see PersonY punished.
If a person learns from previous mistake, he wants to be more careful.
If a person is the leader of his or her team, he will feel strong.
If a person begins to lose track of time, he gets lost as a result.
A person arrives at her mother's house in order to see her mother.
If a person finds his way, he will feel independent.
If a person plays with the other kids, he gets along with the other kids as a result.
If a person considers others's problem, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person has a gut feeling, he wants to check it out.
A person cleans everything thoroughly in order to make sure everything is clean.
If a person creates a virtual community, he gains followers as a result.
If a person invests some time in that endeavor, he wants to be successful.
If a person chooses to study every day, he will feel motivated.
If a person works hard to save money, he will feel motivated.
If a person shares his ideas with others, he is seen as smart.
A person plays outdoors in order to be active.
If a person finds a good hiding place, he will feel secure.
If a person cooks for his family, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person receives many phone calls, he will feel busy.
If a person and others go to the seaside, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person dedicates her life to God, he will feel happy.
If a person is fed up with the world, he wants to leave the world.
If a person buys his daughter something special, he will feel happy.
If a person believes that others is making progress, he will feel optimistic.
If a person is unhappy about the situation, he will feel anxious.
If a person gets others’s favor, he will feel appreciated.
If a person has a good laugh, he will feel joyful.
If a person has an unexpected accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person grows the business, he makes more money as a result.
If a person enjoys reading and writing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is a part of the status quo, he will feel comfortable.
If a person lands a high-paying job, he will feel happy.
If a person fears losing her job, he will feel anxious.
A person works nonstop in order to get ahead.
A person really tries in order to be the best.
If a person notices something for the first time, he wants to know more.
If a person and others settle down, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person drinks a great deal of wine, he is intoxicated as a result.
A person continues to work hard in order to be successful.
If a person shops at a fancy store, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person's advice leads to success, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes out for pizza, he will feel content.
A person studies an instrument in order to be good at something.
If a person is the strong one, he will feel confident.
A person goes to his friend’s house in order to be around his friend.
A person researches others's roots in order to learn more about PersonY.
A person plans for others's future in order to make sure PersonY is taken care of.
If a person is enjoying the peace, he feels more relaxed as a result.
If a person is excited about others's work, he will feel inspired.
If a person enjoys a bowl of cereal, he will feel full.
If a person is a superb marksman, he will feel confident.
If a person sits down to relax, he will feel peaceful.
If a person regrets her choice, he wants to change her choice.
If a person and others play in the yard, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is influenced by others, he wants to follow PersonY.
If a person read a great book, he feels great as a result.
If a person gets angry at a driver, he wants to yell at the driver.
If a person spends all day writing letters, he is seen as dedicated.
A person drops by others's office in order to talk to PersonY.
A person puts a lot of time into it in order to be prepared.
If a person thinks of possible solutions, he will feel motivated.
If a person swears others owes her money, he wants to have PersonY pay her back.
If a person lives in a luxury apartment, he will feel comfortable.
If a person visits your town, he learns about your town as a result.
If a person is rewarded for good behavior, he will feel happy.
If a person lives in a very pretty house, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes care of some tidying up, he will feel accomplished.
If a person starts to really relax, he feels better as a result.
If a person doesn't make a scene, he is calm as a result.
A person catches up with his friends in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person becomes the leader, he will feel strong.
A person goes to the next person in order to help the next person.
If a person takes care of themselves, he is healthy as a result.
If a person gets all dressed up, he will feel sexy.
If a person feels someone else's pain, he feels sympathy for the other person as a result.
If a person and others finish things together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is going to church, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has climbed the mountain, he will feel accomplished.
A person heads into the dark woods in order to see what is in the woods.
If a person solves the murder, he will feel victorious.
A person makes sure others hears it in order to help PersonY.
A person decides to clean house in order to be organized.
If a person looses his temper, he wants to calm down.
If a person discovers that others needs help, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person provides for himself, he will feel independent.
A person walks in the woods in order to enjoy nature.
If a person became a celebrity, he has a lot of fans as a result.
If a person develops a proposal, he wants to sell the idea.
If a person looks up a point of contention, he learns more about the issue as a result.
A person begins to pack for a vacation in order to relax.
If a person is moved by others’s words, he will feel inspired.
If a person is ordered to work overtime, he works hard as a result.
If a person is concerned about others's health, he wants to take care of PersonY.
A person leaves job in order to be independent.
If a person gets well organized, he will feel motivated.
If a person hears a funny story, he laughs as a result.
If a person can handle it alone, he will feel in control.
A person works on something in order to finish something.
If a person resolves, he will feel relaxed.
If a person overcomes gambling addiction, he gets his life back as a result.
If a person follows a routine, he gets more organized as a result.
If a person gets scolded for it, he will feel upset.
If a person explores the endless possibilities, he will feel adventurous.
If a person considers his reasons, he will feel rational.
A person made the first move in order to be in control.
If a person has a puncture, he will feel in pain.
A person is meeting others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person escapes from the scene in order to be alone.
If a person explores a new idea, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others give each other presents, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person leaves for someplace in order to travel.
If a person finds a souvenir, he will feel pleased.
If a person has come to the right place, he will feel at home.
A person gets into the driver's seat in order to be in control.
If a person studies baking with others, he gains baking skills as a result.
If a person discovers an article, he wants to read the article.
If a person gets sick on the train, he will feel miserable.
A person has to talk to others about it in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person has a strong mind, he is smart as a result.
A person teaches personY how to use a computer in order to help personY.
If a person improves his public image, he will feel satisfied.
If a person took an art class, he will feel creative.
If a person is open to new ideas, he will feel creative.
If a person goes on a quest, he wants to complete the quest.
If a person spends a lot of time with her family, he feels close to her family as a result.
A person rereads the message in order to understand the message.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he wants to know more about the neighbour.
If a person gets a birthday present, he is happy as a result.
If a person commits to the activity, he will feel excited.
If a person goes running every day, he will feel energetic.
If a person passed the test easily, he will feel confident.
If a person plays at party games, he will feel entertained.
If a person tells an important story, he is listened to as a result.
A person researches websites in order to be informed.
A person visits father's grave in order to pay his respects.
If a person is able to enjoy himself, he will feel free.
If a person changes into her jogging suit, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person orders a new kitchen, he is happy with the new kitchen as a result.
If a person exercises more, he will feel energetic.
If a person thinks of himself as a social success, he will feel content.
If a person shows off his new T-shirt, he will feel pleased.
If a person gains another perspective, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gives his mother flowers, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances a little jig, he feels happy as a result.
If a person moves from place to place, he has no permanent address as a result.
If a person says "Thank you" to others, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets well known, he is respected as a result.
If a person does someone a good turn, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits others’s relatives, he learns about family as a result.
If a person works things out, he will feel pleased.
If a person needs to get a move on, he wants to get an early start.
If a person and others see a great show, he will feel amazed.
If a person continues with the project, he will feel motivated.
A person finally confronts others in order to tell PersonY the truth.
A person attempts to confront others in order to solve the problem.
A person begins to study for an exam in order to do well on the exam.
A person tries to evade people in order to be alone.
If a person gets out of sight, he is lost as a result.
A person has his own standards in order to be independent.
If a person rides his bicycle, he will feel energetic.
If a person joins a knitting club, he will feel inspired.
A person visits Aunt Jane in order to spend time with his aunt.
A person studies the diagram in order to understand the process.
A person asks the clerk in order to know the answer.
If a person realizes that something is not quite right, he will feel worried.
If a person takes others aside, he wants to be alone with PersonY.
If a person begins an investigation, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person’s skills flourish, he will feel accomplished.
If a person raises a glass to his uncle, he will feel happy.
If a person plots a successful strategy, he will feel confident.
A person caresses others's skin in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person makes a profit, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds a decent job, he is happy as a result.
If a person is sorry for something he said, he wants to make amends.
If a person decides to have a child, he will feel pleased.
A person took an art class in order to be an artist.
If a person checks out the scene, he will feel intrigued.
If a person went to work, he will feel productive.
If a person eats very well, he will feel full.
A person tries to overcome in order to be stronger.
If a person is studying for an exam, he will feel focused.
If a person respects his friends, he wants to be friends with his friends.
A person calls others’s landline phone in order to speak to PersonY.
If a person discovers new food, he wants to eat it.
If a person beats up the competition, he will feel strong.
If a person is financially secure, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a suspicion that others is cheating, he wants to find out.
A person moves to a new home in order to have a new start.
A person goes for a journey in order to see the world.
If a person has a personal mission, he wants to finish his mission.
If a person works hard at school, he wants to get good grades.
If a person forms a gang, he will feel a sense of belonging.
A person goes to check on the grill in order to be sure the grill is working.
If a person starts to respect others, he wants to be more like PersonY.
A person writes a letter to his relatives in order to be able to communicate with his relatives.
If a person puts on a nice suit, he feels confident as a result.
If a person was suspicious, he wants to find out what's going on.
A person helps others with work in order to help PersonY.
If a person drinks a lot of water, he will feel full.
If a person gets accepted to a prestigious university, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts the adventure that is presented to him, he will feel excited.
If a person makes progress on the problem, he will feel pleased.
A person communicates with others about it in order to know what PersonY thinks.
A person writes a love note in order to show his love for his girlfriend.
A person continues fighting in order to win.
If a person was offended, he will feel angry.
If a person gets in shape, he will feel motivated.
A person takes great interest in things in order to learn new things.
If a person is not sure about others, he wants to be sure about PersonY.
A person begins to see a therapist in order to improve her mental health.
If a person talks others into staying, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to look, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person performs a science experiment, he wants to see the results.
If a person becomes a public figure, he will feel important.
If a person keeps in shape, he will feel energetic.
If a person pulls a hamstring, he will feel in pain.
A person tried to reach in order to be close to someone.
If a person has a scare, he is upset as a result.
A person walks to the front door in order to go outside.
If a person feels deeply attached to others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person asks someone directly involved with others, he learns something about PersonY as a result.
If a person finally gets the job, he will feel happy.
A person comforts others when others cries in order to help PersonY.
A person avoids drinking in order to stay sober.
If a person seizes the perfect moment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a positive email, he is happy as a result.
If a person studies the information, he learns more about the topic as a result.
If a person follows a path, he will feel purposeful.
If a person complains of feeling dizzy, he wants to feel better.
If a person is celebrating with friends, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person and others go out on a date, he and PersonY become a couple as a result.
If a person feels free again, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to an authority figure, he obeys the rules as a result.
If a person makes love to , he will feel happy.
If a person fears that others will find out, he will feel nervous.
If a person sells it at a profit, he is pleased with the sale as a result.
If a person takes action in a moral way, he will feel confident.
If a person talks well, he will feel intelligent.
If a person gets a rebound, he will feel pleased.
If a person is tired of making mistakes, he wants to do things right.
If a person does a huge favor for others, he will feel good.
If a person wants to do a good job, he does a good job as a result.
If a person is unsatisfied, he wants to be satisfied.
If a person found a good apartment, he will feel relieved.
If a person is accepted to an exclusive club, he will feel pleased.
If a person seizes the moment, he will feel happy.
If a person enters a fitness program, he will feel energetic.
If a person receives affection, he feels good as a result.
If a person consults the options, he wants to take the options.
If a person feels unhappy with his job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person pays special attention to others, he makes PersonY feel special as a result.
If a person tries to correct some mistakes, he wants to do better.
A person rereads others's essay in order to understand PersonY's writing.
A person considers his or her options in order to think before acting.
If a person begins to get nervous, he wants to calm down.
If a person wishes to change, he wants to be a better person.
A person makes a website in order to share his work.
If a person meets friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person has received some important news, he wants to share the news.
If a person feels strongly about something, he wants to be sure of his decision.
A person studies hard for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person shows herself at her best, he will feel happy.
A person is taking a class at school in order to get an education.
If a person reads a book of literature, he will feel stimulated.
If a person possesses good manners, he will feel respected.
If a person gets a chance, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about tomorrow, he wants to be prepared for tomorrow.
A person teaches others to smile in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person acts brave, he will feel strong.
A person decides to become an entrepreneur in order to be independent.
If a person doesn't want to be lazy, he wants to work hard.
If a person discusses some things, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person feels like a prisoner, he wants to be free.
If a person listens to others’s advice, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person reads an instruction booklet in order to understand the instructions.
If a person tells an untruth, he is accused of lying as a result.
If a person reads an inspiring book, he wants to read more.
If a person decides to pursue others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person joins a support group, he wants to get better.
If a person improves his public image, he will feel good.
If a person is accustomed to finding things for herself, he gets her own way as a result.
A person examines something on the ground in order to know what it is.
A person collects some of them in order to learn more about them.
A person asks for others's number in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person gets work done, he will feel productive.
If a person remembers what she’s here for, he wants to get the job done.
If a person enrolls in school, he wants to finish school.
If a person does a lot of favors, he is thanked by friends as a result.
A person asks her doctor a question in order to know the answer.
If a person resolves to change, he wants to be a better person.
If a person gets acquainted with personY, he will feel friendly.
If a person wonders how others sees the world, he will feel intrigued.
If a person argues with someone, he gets angry as a result.
A person makes a call to an attorney in order to get legal advice.
If a person has discovered a solution, he will feel happy.
A person joins an Alcoholics Anonymous group in order to be able to stop drinking.
If a person buys a new cell phone, he is happy with his new phone as a result.
If a person observes violence on the street, he feels upset as a result.
If a person takes deep breaths, he is calm as a result.
If a person asks about his ancestors, he learns about his family as a result.
If a person becomes famous in a small community, he gains a large following as a result.
A person begins to meditate in order to calm down.
If a person is injured by someone else, he is in pain as a result.
If a person knows that something's wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person has a bad week, he will feel stressed.
If a person helps solve the case, he will feel confident.
If a person deals with the problem, he will feel competent.
If a person spends time with her mom, he feels close to her mom as a result.
A person starts a debate in order to defend his ideas.
A person looks for better ways to do it in order to be more efficient.
If a person makes plans to rent out office space, he will feel pleased.
If a person hears good news, he will feel happy.
If a person gets tired of trying, he wants to give up.
If a person worries about illness, he wants to stay healthy.
If a person receives a big raise, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to make a change, he wants to do better.
A person starts asking questions in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person got very upset, he wants to calm down.
If a person practices a martial art, he learns to defend himself as a result.
If a person earns a good salary, he will feel successful.
If a person is hurt by others's criticism, he will feel angry.
If a person caught some thieves, he will feel satisfied.
If a person lives his life, he will feel happy.
If a person and others make a trip to go camping, he and PersonY enjoy the trip as a result.
If a person is warm and comfortable, he will feel content.
If a person gets his finger stuck in a door, he wants to get his finger unstuck.
A person considers new career paths in order to have a variety of jobs.
If a person asks the child for help, he gets help from the child as a result.
If a person wants to spend time with others, he and PersonY get closer as a result.
If a person is praised by others, he will feel respected.
A person asks a person out in order to be in a relationship.
If a person enters a new field, he wants to work in the field.
If a person dances on the stage, he will feel happy.
A person practices at the firing range in order to become a better marksman.
If a person expects the police to arrest him, he will feel worried.
If a person and others read a book, he and PersonY discuss the book as a result.
If a person tries to solve problem, he solves problem as a result.
A person wakes up and goes to work in order to be productive.
If a person gets hired for the job, he will feel happy.
A person decides to quit the job in order to be free.
A person is going to work in order to get paid.
If a person invests in his new business, he wants to make more money.
If a person always gets what she wants, he will feel satisfied.
A person signs up for classes in order to learn new things.
If a person feels offended, he is angry as a result.
A person always does homework in order to be a good student.
If a person receives a hard blow, he is injured as a result.
If a person is elected to a seat in the legislature, he is a successful politician as a result.
If a person is appointed to a job, he will feel happy.
If a person begins a workout, he wants to be fit.
If a person speaks to people, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person creates an awesome website, he will feel accomplished.
If a person considers the probability, he wants to think about it.
If a person is miserable, he wants to feel better.
If a person worries about the health of an animal, he wants to help the animal.
If a person watches a news show, he learns about the recent events as a result.
If a person is positive, he will feel relaxed.
If a person spends more time with others, he will feel close.
If a person regrets what he's done, he wants to fix his mistakes.
A person asks for his turn in order to be able to play.
If a person begins to doubt others's motives, he stops trusting PersonY as a result.
If a person sees something strange, he wants to see what it is.
If a person has a big scare, he will feel worried.
A person looks at others's soul in order to understand PersonY.
If a person says the proper word, he is seen as polite.
A person decides to try something different in order to be more creative.
If a person joins an activist group, he wants to be a social activist.
A person starts getting dressed up every day in order to look good.
If a person experiences negative results, he is upset as a result.
If a person receives a threat, he will feel scared.
If a person has a pleasant stay, he is impressed by the hotel as a result.
If a person suffers from migraine headaches, he wants to get rid of the headaches.
If a person tells his girlfriend he loves her, he will feel happy.
If a person pours himself a drink, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is a successful surgeon, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person redecorates house, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees the movie of the day, he is entertained as a result.
A person continues to work in order to earn money.
A person is quick at work in order to be productive.
If a person is part of a play, he learns to act as a result.
If a person has to try, he will feel determined.
A person is ready to speak in order to tell his story.
A person does one thing at a time in order to finish the task at hand.
If a person cannot understand how it happened, he will feel puzzled.
A person agrees to go for a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person avoids the trap again, he will feel safe.
If a person is listening to a live program, he will feel interested.
A person decides to do something else in order to have a change of pace.
A person leads a separate life in order to have her own life.
If a person receives an explanation from others, he understands PersonY’s explanation as a result.
If a person becomes proficient at drawing, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes friends easily, he will feel accepted.
A person works hard on a project in order to succeed.
If a person finds the clues, he will feel satisfied.
If a person worries about personY, he wants to make sure everyone is okay.
If a person gets some sleep, he will feel relaxed.
If a person doesn't want to be lazy, he wants to be more active.
A person is there for others when he needs help in order to be a good friend.
If a person is following the directions, he will feel focused.
If a person was kind to others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person is hard at work in order to get ahead.
If a person gets a position, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets along very well with others, he will feel happy.
If a person finishes personY's work, he will feel accomplished.
A person asks questions of others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person decided to take a break, he will feel refreshed.
A person works hard all day in order to be successful.
If a person is able to dream better, he will feel creative.
If a person takes action quickly, he will feel determined.
If a person is lovely to look at, he is admired by others as a result.
A person does her best work in order to be a good employee.
If a person notices something going on, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person gets confused about the words, he wants to understand the words.
If a person holds a celebration, he will feel relaxed.
If a person posts a question on message board, he wants to get an answer.
If a person puts on his make-up, he will feel beautiful.
If a person gets a poem published, he will feel happy.
If a person shops at a fancy store, he is dressed nicely as a result.
If a person doesn't handle it well, he is upset as a result.
A person visits her Aunt in order to be with her Aunt.
If a person starts to settle down, he is happy as a result.
If a person is tired of it, he wants to quit.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to help the person.
If a person thanks the inspector, he will feel pleased.
A person begins to see a therapist in order to get better.
If a person does it differently, he gets a different result as a result.
If a person thinks that others is right, he wants to agree with PersonY.
If a person gets a good workout, he will feel happy.
If a person starts taking art classes, he will feel interested.
If a person has something good happen, he will feel proud.
If a person regards something as a nuisance, he wants to avoid it.
If a person debates the issue, he will feel interested.
If a person spends time in prayer, he feels closer to God as a result.
If a person agrees to do it again, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person reads aloud the letter in order to share the letter with the group.
A person prepares to carry on with her life in order to be ready for the future.
If a person and others learn from each other, he will feel understood.
If a person helps his neighbor, he will feel good.
If a person solves the problem, he will feel confident.
If a person sees that others is hungry, he wants to give PersonY food.
If a person goes for a dip, he will feel refreshed.
If a person comes up to others's expectations, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person solves a case, he will feel confident.
If a person is interested in reading, he will feel inspired.
If a person suffers a wound, he is treated as a result.
If a person is sick and goes to the doctor, he wants to get better.
If a person takes precautions, he will feel secure.
If a person fights against the count, he will feel determined.
If a person buys a new pair of glasses, he is happy with his new glasses as a result.
A person looks him up online in order to find out more about him.
If a person finds the job he's been looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns new songs, he will feel entertained.
If a person is able to get better, he will feel hopeful.
A person returns to the gym in order to be healthy.
If a person learns to respect others, he wants to be liked.
A person studies a painting in order to understand the painting.
If a person sees the movie of the day, he will feel entertained.
If a person considers a different point of view, he will feel open.
A person decides to listen in order to understand the other person.
A person fills a water bottle in order to keep hydrated.
If a person is fed by others, he is well-fed as a result.
If a person finds a person of interest, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets hurt on the job, he will feel upset.
A person visits 's mom in order to be with his mother.
A person pursues a plan in order to be successful.
If a person reviews the options, he wants to make a decision.
A person asks others about the problem in order to understand the problem.
If a person convinces others to return home, he will feel victorious.
If a person meets with other family members, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person convinces others to return to church, he will feel pleased.
A person is careful with money in order to be responsible.
If a person is red hot, he wants to cool down.
A person practices the delivery in order to be ready for the delivery.
If a person has a good dinner, he will feel full.
A person tries out for a sport in order to be fit.
If a person worked in the garden, he will feel productive.
If a person tells a very long story, he is seen as a good storyteller.
If a person meets her ideal, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person rolls the ball into the goal, he will feel pleased.
A person is moving into others’s arms in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person had a nice evening, he will feel peaceful.
If a person's tweets go viral, he 's tweets are read by millions as a result.
If a person is enjoying a coffee with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks of the child, he wants to take care of the child.
If a person has been given everything he needs, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person joins her kids on a bike ride, he has fun with her kids as a result.
If a person looks up to her, he wants to be more like her.
If a person takes up a sport, he gets fit as a result.
If a person got a new job, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns respect, he is more polite as a result.
A person tries another job in order to earn money.
A person follows others to the car in order to know what PersonY is doing.
A person cleans 's room in order to make the room look nice.
If a person reaches the top, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts on the job, he will feel motivated.
If a person suffers a nervous breakdown, he will feel miserable.
If a person suffers an attack, he wants to go to the hospital.
A person visits their family doctor in order to get better.
If a person learns to appreciate others, he gets along better with PersonY as a result.
If a person took an art class, he likes art as a result.
A person makes a detailed plan in order to be prepared.
If a person raises a pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person decides to talk about the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person takes another walk in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person and others have fun, he will feel good.
If a person overspends, he has to pay back the money as a result.
If a person drinks beer from a bottle, he gets drunk as a result.
A person starts up a shower in order to feel clean.
A person prepares for the hospital in order to get better.
A person tests a flight in order to learn more about flying.
If a person creates a long-term plan, he will feel determined.
If a person takes up a new sport, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person has a big idea, he is proud of his idea as a result.
A person is a well-respected member of society in order to be a good citizen.
If a person studies geology, he wants to be a geologist.
If a person discovers something unsettling, he will feel worried.
If a person gets along well with, he will feel content.
If a person's a movie star, he is praised by the media as a result.
If a person sees trouble ahead, he will feel worried.
A person concentrates in order to get better at a task.
If a person enlists in the army, he will feel determined.
If a person had a difficult day, he will feel frustrated.
If a person reads a book on astronomy, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person and others make a profit from their property, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person realizes something's not right, he will feel alarmed.
A person took a break from his job in order to relax.
If a person hears an interesting story, he will feel amazed.
If a person purchases a first edition, he will feel pleased.
If a person regrets letting others down, he wants to apologize.
If a person wants to save the environment, he wants to be a conservationist.
If a person enjoys a good breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person settles down to eat, he will feel content.
If a person and others take a vacation, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person heads to the store in order to buy something.
If a person and others's children play together, he and PersonY's children are friends as a result.
If a person has a rough time of it, he will feel worried.
A person proceeds to the family dinner in order to spend time with his family.
A person sees a counselor in order to get help.
If a person decides to throw a party, he will feel excited.
If a person learns to speak eloquently, he wants to speak clearly.
If a person suddenly remembers an important appointment, he wants to go to the appointment.
If a person thinks of alternatives, he will feel creative.
If a person thinks over what to do, he will feel unsure.
If a person praises others’s success, he will feel proud.
If a person is offered a very good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person is rewarded for something, he is happy as a result.
A person quit his job in order to do something else.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he gains support as a result.
A person entertains the children in order to make the children happy.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited vacation, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person fears a visit from her mother, he will feel anxious.
If a person raises a question, he will feel intrigued.
If a person finishes the task, he will feel satisfied.
If a person chooses to rest, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is impressed by others’s ingenuity, he admires PersonY as a result.
If a person chooses the right words, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a really good time, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a recommendation from others, he will feel encouraged.
If a person helps others with the wash, he will feel helpful.
If a person immediately regrets the action, he will feel ashamed.
If a person becomes used to it, he will feel relaxed.
If a person engages in a philosophical discussion, he learns to think as a result.
A person gets others to speak in order to hear PersonY's opinion.
A person cleans the beach house in order to make the house look nice.
If a person is an upstanding member of society, he will feel respected.
If a person tries to open a company, he wants to become a successful entrepreneur.
A person is working on her computer in order to be able to do her work.
If a person earns his degrees, he will feel successful.
If a person resolves the issue, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to like himself, he will feel relaxed.
A person picks up the phone again in order to talk to someone.
If a person accepts others's excuse, he will feel understanding.
If a person is in a rut, he will feel discouraged.
If a person makes the winning goal, he will feel pleased.
If a person is involved in a shooting, he is injured as a result.
If a person allows more time to be dedicated to homework, he will feel focused.
If a person enjoys a hike, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a really good life, he is happy as a result.
A person talks to her parents about her future in order to be sure about her future.
If a person asks a food vendor for advice, he is helped by the vendor as a result.
If a person smells a stench, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person goes through a tough time, he will feel sad.
If a person drinks an endless amount of wine, he gets drunk as a result.
A person convinces others to go to the park in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person treats others to a meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person greets others pleasantly, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a long break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person believes that others is plotting, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
A person sticks to school work in order to be a good student.
If a person is on the right track, he will feel confident.
A person walks around the mountains in order to be in nature.
If a person is a war hero, he is decorated as a result.
If a person reads a great deal, he will feel curious.
If a person provides a public talk, he is seen as intelligent.
A person asks for others’s advice in order to be informed.
If a person greets neighbors, he wants to get to know his neighbors.
A person practices talking in order to be a better speaker.
If a person's life has gotten much better, he will feel content.
If a person finds love with others, he wants to stay with PersonY.
A person confides in her therapist in order to talk about her feelings.
A person moves to a different location in order to be in a new environment.
If a person finds a way to save the day, he will feel successful.
If a person decides on an exciting vacation, he is thrilled with the vacation as a result.
A person is visiting his old school in order to remember his old school.
A person creates own schedule in order to be independent.
A person tries harder to talk in order to be more social.
If a person faces headwinds, he will feel winded.
A person looks up some information in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person is offered a very good job, he will feel excited.
A person brings all his relatives in order to spend time with his family.
If a person has had enough of this, he wants to leave.
If a person finds that he cannot move, he will feel trapped.
If a person and others laugh at the joke, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks ahead of time, he wants to be prepared.
If a person outwits a bear, he will feel victorious.
A person mails a package in order to get the package to its destination.
If a person has done something wrong, he wants to apologize.
If a person regrets the mistake, he wants to do better.
If a person sets out to do it, he gets it done as a result.
If a person has an emergency, he is taken to the hospital as a result.
A person is working with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person becomes a womanizer, he has many sexual partners as a result.
A person and others exchange messages in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person goes to shul, he becomes religious as a result.
If a person decides to make good, he will feel confident.
A person works at the top in order to be the best.
If a person praises a good performance by someone, he will feel proud.
If a person settles an old score, he will feel happy.
If a person feels encouraged, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person begins to watch TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person has been looking at the data, he will feel curious.
A person begins the work in order to be useful.
If a person succeeds in solving problems, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds out the rules, he plays by the rules as a result.
If a person is getting along with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person is worried that others will find out, he wants to keep PersonY from finding out.
If a person has special news, he will feel excited.
A person starts working again in order to make money.
If a person puts in a long day, he will feel exhausted.
If a person takes a bicycle ride, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person keeps busy helping others, he is a good person as a result.
If a person dances and sings, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is very friendly, he makes friends as a result.
If a person gets along with his neighbor, he will feel good.
If a person tries to get others to trust him, he gets PersonY to open up as a result.
If a person procures some delicious treats, he will feel happy.
A person makes dinner for the family in order to help the family.
If a person works for a long time, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person somehow manages to escape, he will feel free.
If a person takes my advice, he wants to do what I say.
If a person provides a public talk, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person feels a sense of injustice, he wants to feel a sense of justice.
A person arranges it in order to make sure it happens.
If a person finds a manual, he wants to read the manual.
A person writes the letter in order to express his feelings.
A person trains in a new place in order to improve his skills.
If a person finishes the work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels a bond with others, he wants to be close to PersonY.
If a person realizes that something is missing, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person orders some items online, he gets the items he ordered as a result.
If a person gets involved in the investigation, he learns more about the case as a result.
If a person is struck by a car, he will feel pain.
If a person is concerned about the story, he wants to finish the story.
A person prepares for the final confrontation in order to defeat the villain.
If a person makes her own schedule, he will feel in control.
A person invites others for a picnic in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person receives an urgent message, he wants to get to the message right away.
If a person searches for evidence, he wants to find the truth.
If a person joins a book club, he enjoys reading as a result.
If a person and others are smitten, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person achieves success, he will feel pleased.
If a person eats pizza again, he will feel full.
If a person finds the place repulsive, he wants to leave.
If a person hears some interesting news, he wants to know more.
If a person considers this for a moment, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person finds a good apartment, he wants to live in the apartment.
If a person decides to hire others, he will feel pleased.
A person orders the files for delivery in order to get the files to the client.
If a person begins to warm up to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person calls others up in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person cannot bear it any longer, he wants to leave.
If a person realizes her dream, he is happy as a result.
If a person solves the conundrum, he will feel smart.
If a person is putting on makeup, he is looking good as a result.
If a person walks for exercise, he will feel fit.
If a person sorts out his life, he wants to be happy.
If a person's mom welcomes him home, he will feel cared for.
A person writes a personal letter in order to share her feelings.
If a person convinces others to go home, he will feel victorious.
A person works on moving out in order to be independent.
If a person participates in a family gathering, he learns to communicate with his family as a result.
If a person and others's relationship is renewed, he will feel happy.
If a person appreciates the efforts of others, he will feel happy.
If a person sees something shocking, he feels upset as a result.
If a person has trouble keeping up, he is behind in his work as a result.
If a person is making improvements, he will feel encouraged.
If a person learns from her experience, he will feel satisfied.
If a person found the exercise to be very helpful, he will feel relaxed.
If a person’s battery dies, he wants to replace the battery.
If a person is happy with others's explanation, he believes PersonY as a result.
A person keeps a schedule in order to be productive.
If a person finishes many things, he will feel successful.
If a person tries to get a good job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person joins an art club, he enjoys art as a result.
A person reminds others to read it over in order PersonY to be prepared.
If a person imagines himself being killed, he is scared as a result.
If a person loves to bathe in the morning, he will feel clean.
If a person talks about an idea he has, he wants to share his idea.
If a person gets haircuts, he has a nice haircut as a result.
If a person rakes in the profits, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes to an agreement, he wants to keep the agreement.
If a person worries about others's safety, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person deals with problem, he is seen as competent.
If a person puts up a good argument, he wants to win the argument.
If a person hits rock bottom, he seeks help as a result.
If a person has a relaxing day, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to greet others in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person is suspicious of Y, he wants to investigate Y.
If a person appears in public, he gets noticed as a result.
If a person finds someone else annoying, he wants to get rid of the other person.
A person visits the archives in order to research the past.
If a person is an extraordinary person, he is admired by others as a result.
A person puts it all out there in order to be honest.
If a person is confused about the present, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person loves singing, he wants to sing in front of an audience.
If a person signs up for a workshop, he wants to learn more about the workshop.
A person helps out at the shelter in order to help people.
If a person thinks of a tasty meal, he wants to eat the meal.
If a person is worried about an illness, he wants to see a doctor.
If a person finds an exciting person, he wants to talk to that person.
A person calls an old friend in order to keep in touch with his old friend.
If a person discovers a dark secret, he wants to know what it is.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to be more relaxed.
If a person is prepared for the event, he will feel confident.
If a person gets exhausted, he wants to sleep.
A person told others to attend class in order PersonY to be a responsible student.
If a person always shares others's point of view, he feels that PersonY is right as a result.
If a person shows signs of renewed energy, he wants to do more activities.
A person sets out for a journey in order to see the world.
If a person is at a crossroads, he wants to take a different path.
If a person has a quick bath, he smells nice as a result.
If a person takes off on a journey, he will feel excited.
If a person smiles a lot when dealing with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person observes for a while, he will feel curious.
If a person is unhappy with her writing, he wants to write better.
If a person practices riding, he gets better at riding as a result.
If a person finds a safe space, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets out of the house, he spends time with friends as a result.
A person embarks on a holiday in order to enjoy the holiday.
A person should seek advice in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person fights a lot, he is violent as a result.
If a person gets others a present, he will feel pleased.
A person must go home in order to be with his family.
If a person goes back to baking, he will feel inspired.
If a person and others are arguing over the bill, he will feel irritated.
If a person has problems at work, he will feel upset.
If a person considers other people’s feelings, he will feel considerate.
A person explores new ideas in order to find new ways to solve problems.
If a person acquires new data, he wants to analyze the data.
If a person gets his work done, he will feel happy.
If a person finds out a problem, he resolves the problem as a result.
If a person manages, he will feel successful.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he learns the neighbour’s secret as a result.
If a person finally masters the art, he is pleased with his work as a result.
If a person has a mission, he wants to get the mission done.
If a person had a good meal, he feels full as a result.
If a person is restless at work, he wants to go home.
If a person surprises others by getting rid of her stuff, he will feel free.
A person spends hours on the project in order to be productive.
If a person takes a look around, he will feel intrigued.
If a person worries about his grandfather, he wants to help his grandfather.
If a person becomes unsure, he will feel anxious.
If a person publishes a popular book, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person enjoys a moment with others, he will feel joyful.
If a person goes shopping for presents, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he will feel excited.
If a person is well paid, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person's purpose fulfilled, he will feel satisfied.
If a person knows something is happening, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person decides to take up painting, he will feel inspired.
If a person drinks a drink, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person finds a decent job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person beats others at her own game, he will feel good.
A person checks up on a relative in order to be helpful.
If a person has romance, he will feel happy.
If a person joins a volunteer service, he wants to do more volunteer work.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he will feel refreshed.
If a person senses a plot, he wants to investigate.
If a person has a will of his own, he will feel in control.
A person and others have a long conversation in order to talk to PersonY.
A person writes to some friends in order to keep in touch with her friends.
If a person drinks a little alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
A person fixes the vase in order to make the vase look good.
A person goes to his favorite restaurant in order to enjoy a nice meal.
If a person is able to have a good dream, he will feel peaceful.
If a person follows the path of enlightenment, he will feel wise.
If a person is able to navigate the world, he is confident as a result.
If a person learns of a job opportunity, he wants to apply for the job.
If a person is about to go on holiday, he will feel excited.
If a person read through books and records, he will feel informed.
If a person fears something, he will feel anxious.
If a person completes all preparations, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others orders a round of drinks, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
If a person continues to grow closer to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person sees how far it will go, he will feel confident.
A person passes on information in order to help others.
If a person prepares a full meal, he has a full stomach as a result.
If a person receives great service, he will feel happy.
A person meets with his friends in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person gets back in the game, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets himself a bath, he will feel calm.
If a person and others decide to go on a picnic, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person drives to a bookstore, he wants to read a book.
If a person has a sinking feeling, he wants to get rid of the feeling.
A person helps the old lady in order to be helpful.
If a person successfully commits the crime, he will feel triumphant.
If a person thinks of something nice to say, he will feel pleased.
A person makes a decision for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gains an understanding, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is skilled at making his point, he is persuasive as a result.
If a person in doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person plays in the city park, he has fun as a result.
If a person has a lovely day, he will feel content.
A person takes the microphone in order to make a speech.
If a person brings others up-to-date, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person cooks delicious soup, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is promoted at work, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds a suitable job, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to speak English in order to be able to communicate with others.
If a person goes bowling with friends, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to find a different job in order to find a better job.
If a person and others do yoga, he and PersonY feel relaxed as a result.
If a person decides to cook, he cooks for his family as a result.
If a person practices sports, he will feel motivated.
A person begins to leave in order to be free.
If a person starts to comfort others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person stops to look at a sunset, he gets to see a beautiful sunset as a result.
If a person begins a new exercise routine, he will feel healthy.
A person tries to fix the mistake in order to get the job done.
A person lies down on a bed in order to rest.
A person finds someone to write for in order to be able to express himself.
If a person had a good life, he will feel content.
If a person performs well at a conference, he will feel confident.
A person is quick at work in order to be efficient.
If a person fixes the situation, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to defend their point of view, he wants to win the argument.
If a person took on a hobby, he wants to do more of that hobby.
If a person regrets it later, he wants to not do it again.
If a person complains about a performance, he wants to see a better performance.
If a person is sought after by clients, he will feel respected.
If a person listens to many people, he is seen as open-minded.
If a person has some beer, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person becomes a successful writer, he is pleased with his work as a result.
If a person gets better advice from others, he has a better understanding of the subject as a result.
A person is cleaning out the garage in order to make the garage more organized.
If a person seems to have succeeded, he is happy as a result.
If a person selects the best alternative, he will feel pleased.
If a person participates in group work, he is seen as a team player.
If a person gains favor, he will feel happy.
A person studies a foreign language in order to improve her language skills.
A person joins the campaign in order to help the team.
If a person believes he has what it takes, he wants to prove himself.
A person visits Mom's grave in order to honor his mother.
If a person will get married, he will feel happy.
A person attempts to solve a problem in order to be a problem solver.
A person suggests they continue their conversation the next day in order to discuss the issue.
If a person beats others at golf, he will feel triumphant.
If a person thinks of an idea to use in a story, he will feel excited.
If a person is well-dressed, he will feel smart.
If a person has a rough time of it, he will feel miserable.
A person listens to the wolf in order to know what the wolf is saying.
If a person is in a group, he will feel included.
A person goes to a clinic in order to be healthy.
If a person is listening to a lecture, he is attentive as a result.
If a person cleans up someplace, he will feel neat.
If a person becomes a student of Islam, he learns to pray as a result.
If a person has fallen for others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is rewarded for good deeds, he is praised by others as a result.
If a person gets noticed, he will feel respected.
If a person is so sick, he will feel miserable.
If a person overhears noises, he will feel disturbed.
If a person goes with it, he will feel good.
If a person is at the market, he buys some groceries as a result.
A person takes a little ride in order to be outside.
If a person performs for others, he will feel good.
If a person and others attend school, he and PersonY learn something as a result.
If a person studies the task, he will feel motivated.
A person tries to explain the situation in order to get the situation straight.
If a person is disappointed about being out of luck, he wants to be in luck.
If a person works at the top, he will feel powerful.
If a person brings work home, he will feel productive.
If a person finishes the book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person drinks an endless amount of wine, he becomes drunk as a result.
If a person studies for his exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person sees a movie on the Internet, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others buy tickets to a music concert, he and PersonY are excited about the concert as a result.
If a person contacts others to discuss their differences, he will feel open.
If a person wins others's help, he will feel pleased.
A person asks for the lecture notes in order to understand the material.
A person has to act quickly in order to be efficient.
If a person turns over new leaf, he will feel relieved.
If a person and others have a good meal, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person studies twice as much in order to be a better student.
If a person is great at this, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys an evening with others, he will feel content.
If a person touches the wet paint, he gets paint on his hand as a result.
A person takes others out for lunch in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person invents something useful, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes skiing, he enjoys skiing as a result.
If a person stands up against others, he will feel strong.
If a person wows an audience, he will feel pleased.
A person makes an adjustment in order to make a change.
A person plans to move out of town in order to be free.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he wants to not do it again.
A person searches for a place to eat in order to eat a good meal.
If a person solves a difficult math problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person agrees to go on a picnic, he will feel content.
If a person suffers a heavy loss, he will feel sad.
If a person performs a job, he will feel motivated.
If a person spends an afternoon in the mountains, he has a relaxing day as a result.
If a person applies to a new job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person learns from the mistakes, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person ponders the paradox, he wants to figure out the paradox.
If a person jogs down the street, he gets exercise as a result.
A person helps to clean up in order to help the environment.
If a person learns what to do, he does what he is told as a result.
If a person listens to the radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person shares many interesting stories, he is seen as a good storyteller.
If a person organizes a job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person does a stand-up routine, he is seen as funny.
If a person reads an instruction, he understands the instructions as a result.
If a person has a lively conversation, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person goes to a political meeting, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person pleases his father, he will feel proud.
If a person ensures success, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a trip to the movies, he is entertained as a result.
If a person gets her man, he will feel pleased.
A person takes note of her feelings in order to understand her feelings.
A person studies hard for the test in order to do well on the test.
If a person sets things right, he will feel confident.
A person confides his troubles to someone in order to be heard.
If a person tries to answer a question, he wants to answer the question correctly.
If a person receives a birthday gift, he will feel happy.
If a person lives in a beautiful home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person realizes something's not right, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person gets closer to his goal, he is successful as a result.
If a person prepares a plan, he wants to complete the plan.
If a person buys her parents a gift, he will feel pleased.
A person encourages someone to work hard in order to see the person succeed.
If a person gets an A on the assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances in front of everyone, he will feel joyful.
If a person can't bear it, he wants to cry.
If a person finally lives his dream, he will feel proud.
If a person is reading The Complete Works of Mark Twain, he will feel interested.
A person tries to follow others in order to be like PersonY.
If a person prepares for a good life, he will feel happy.
If a person is a prominent leader, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person notices a sign, he wants to read the sign.
A person creates an email address in order to communicate with other people.
If a person meets others's grandmother, he learns about PersonY's family as a result.
A person readies for the swim meet in order to be in shape.
If a person goes to get medicine, he wants to get better.
If a person looks up things online, he will feel interested.
If a person reads a book on astronomy, he learns about the solar system as a result.
If a person eats something delicious, he is full as a result.
If a person puts on some clothes, he will feel comfortable.
If a person thinks about rules, he is interested in the rules as a result.
If a person does the chores around the house, he will feel responsible.
If a person faces hard times, he will feel worried.
If a person accuses others of lying, he wants to know the truth.
If a person feels bad, he apologizes as a result.
If a person is found in violation of the law, he is arrested as a result.
If a person seeks time with God, he feels more connected to God as a result.
A person is good at getting information in order to know more about the situation.
If a person learns about something, he will feel interested.
If a person puts on the covers, he will feel warm.
If a person decides to go for a walk, he will feel excited.
A person visits the neighbors in order to get to know the neighbors.
If a person feeds everyone, he is seen as a good host.
If a person is good at fixing things, he will feel confident.
A person decides to move out in order to be independent.
If a person goes to shul, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is about to do something, he will feel determined.
A person makes a phone call to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person meets the right people, he will feel at ease.
If a person settles down to eat, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others enjoy dinner, he will feel content.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he has a good time as a result.
If a person has turned against others, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person lands a perfect shot, he will feel happy.
If a person spends time thinking about others, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person volunteers at a local food bank, he will feel compassionate.
If a person finds a decent job, he will feel relieved.
A person has to talk to the police in order to tell the police what happened.
If a person signs up for a karate class, he will feel happy.
If a person examines an object, he will feel curious.
If a person's ribs are broken, he will feel in pain.
If a person and others enjoy the sunset, he will feel content.
If a person makes preparations, he will feel motivated.
A person and others practice music in order to play music and PersonY wants to learn.
If a person manages to organize, he has a clear schedule as a result.
A person accepts others's decision in order to respect PersonY's decision.
If a person is reunited with a loved one, he will feel loved.
If a person receives the bad news, he is upset as a result.
A person visits a grocery store in order to stock up on food.
If a person commits herself to a good cause, he wants to do more good.
A person asks others to go on a trip in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person teaches others to give back in order to help PersonY learn a new skill.
If a person makes a lot of dough, he will feel successful.
If a person feels encouraged by others's work, he gains confidence as a result.
A person and others exchange phone numbers in order to stay in touch with PersonY.
If a person begins to suspect something, he wants to figure out what is going on.
If a person is taken care of, he will feel loved.
If a person feels responsible for hurting others, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
If a person uses her powers for good, he will feel fulfilled.
A person is going to visit his mother in order to be close to his mother.
If a person learns from their mistakes, he will feel enlightened.
A person vows to fight in order to be able to protect himself.
If a person takes a bunch of pictures, he takes great pictures as a result.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he is sad as a result.
If a person goes to a dance party, he will feel excited.
If a person receives a massage, he will feel relaxed.
If a person attended a movie, he was entertained as a result.
If a person thinks for a minute, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he becomes reasonable as a result.
If a person is doing well in their job, he will feel proud.
A person went to the studio in order to make a record.
If a person discovers a new drink, he wants to try it.
If a person does well, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a very productive day, he is pleased with his work as a result.
If a person takes on some tasks, he will feel motivated.
If a person does his exercises, he will feel healthy.
If a person needs legal advice, he is referred to a lawyer as a result.
If a person aced the final exam, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person learns a new tool, he wants to use the tool.
If a person gets a new video game, he is happy as a result.
If a person is restless at work, he will feel angry.
If a person visits a party, he will feel fun.
If a person reads books well, he is a good student as a result.
If a person commits to the activity, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person takes the medicine, he feels better as a result.
If a person tells about the past, he is seen as insightful.
A person gets up early to bake muffins in order to make a fresh batch of muffins.
If a person buys tickets to a show, he will feel excited.
If a person finally gets some action, he will feel content.
A person starts working on an idea in order to get something done.
If a person learns of a job opportunity, he wants to accept the job.
If a person investigates the situation, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person puts on a brave face, he will feel brave.
If a person increases her exercise program, he wants to be more fit.
If a person seems to be regretting something, he wants to do something about it.
A person prepares to get out in order to be independent.
If a person is a successful person, he will feel confident.
If a person finds the house well-kept, he will feel satisfied.
If a person examines something strange, he will feel intrigued.
A person clears things up in order to be able to communicate clearly.
If a person gets his reward, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a part in a movie, he is pleased as a result.
If a person wins others's favor, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a conscious decision, he will feel determined.
If a person believes in the value of education, he will feel enlightened.
If a person praises the cooking, he will feel happy.
If a person is concerned about his new task, he wants to succeed.
A person writes a cheque to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person got in trouble, he wants to get out of trouble.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening, he is content as a result.
A person takes more pictures in order to have more material for his photography.
If a person buys a video game, he will feel entertained.
If a person becomes exhausted, he wants to rest.
If a person successfully submits the review, he will feel pleased.
If a person tells others a funny story, he gets a laugh as a result.
If a person is deeply impressed, he will feel inspired.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he improves his work as a result.
A person becomes involved in politics in order to make a difference.
If a person swims laps every day, he will feel fit.
If a person learns from an old man, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has a relaxing day, he will feel content.
If a person becomes aware of a mistake, he corrects the mistake as a result.
A person applies to university in order to learn more.
If a person is consistent with himself, he will feel satisfied.
A person does a task in order to be useful.
If a person prepares the plan, he will feel determined.
If a person meets the right person, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds in the trade negotiation, he will feel happy.
A person asks others's time in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person prepares to begin school in order to be prepared for a new task.
If a person is reminded of a painful memory, he feels sad as a result.
A person takes care of self in order to be independent.
If a person takes physical measures, he will feel protected.
A person examines the spider in order to know more about the spider.
If a person enjoys her walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person listens to others's thoughts, he knows what PersonY is thinking as a result.
If a person reads the latest news, he will feel interested.
If a person puts his shoulder to the wheel, he will feel determined.
If a person moves to a new home, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to be herself, he feels more confident as a result.
If a person goes into therapy, he wants to talk about his problems.
If a person puts up a fight, he will feel brave.
A person contacts others's family in order to get to know PersonY's family.
If a person is allergic to soy, he wants to eat a soy-free diet.
If a person is sorry about what he did, he wants to make amends.
If a person lets go of resentment, he feels better as a result.
If a person speaks with the police, he is questioned by the police as a result.
If a person has good grades, he will feel pleased.
A person tells the facts about what he saw in order to be honest.
If a person is unable to cope with stress, he will feel overwhelmed.
A person buys presents for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person enjoys to run, he wants to run more.
If a person learns to be kind, he is kind to others as a result.
A person reads a story to the child in order to share a moment with the child.
If a person orders out for Chinese food, he will feel satisfied.
A person carries on a dialog in order to communicate with others.
If a person finishes the project, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries another job, he wants to work in a different field.
If a person notices a mistake, he corrects the mistake as a result.
If a person eats a piece of pie, he will feel full.
If a person and others see a great show, he and PersonY have a great time as a result.
If a person and others attend a performance, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person and others make amends, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is about to take a trip, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person sees the project through, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is in the park on a holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person is finally feeling better, he will feel happy.
If a person has a bad year, he will feel depressed.
A person studies a book in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person discovers that others is hiding something, he wants to find out what PersonY is hiding.
If a person thinks this time is different, he will feel optimistic.
If a person meets with others, he learns to socialize as a result.
If a person has a mission, he wants to finish the mission.
A person starts his own practice in order to be independent.
If a person tries out for the team, he wants to play on the team.
If a person is feeling better, he will feel happy.
If a person beats the other team, he will feel triumphant.
A person creates another clone in order to continue the cloning process.
If a person builds his character, he will feel strong.
If a person was in charge of the equipment, he got the equipment ready as a result.
A person carries on a long discussion in order to understand the topic.
If a person is restless at work, he wants to get out of work.
If a person searches for the truth, he finds the truth as a result.
If a person joins a non-violent movement, he will feel inspired.
If a person gets the ball rolling, he wants to do more.
If a person and others engage in an argument, he and PersonY are angry with each other as a result.
A person tries to convince others's son in order to make PersonY's son happy.
A person listens to others's side of the story in order to understand PersonY.
If a person finds new friends, he wants to hang out with them.
If a person goes to the lake with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he will feel accomplished.
If a person moves on after break-up, he will feel happy.
If a person completes a given task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets out of trouble, he will feel relieved.
A person adjusts the armrest in order to make the armrest more comfortable.
If a person works on the house, he will feel productive.
If a person is going to prove himself, he is confident as a result.
If a person enforces rules, he will feel strict.
If a person enjoys what he’s doing, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person seeks additional resources, he receives additional resources as a result.
If a person puts on clothing, he is warm as a result.
If a person goes to a show with others, he is entertained as a result.
If a person competes in the sport, he will feel competitive.
If a person commits an illegal act, he will feel guilty.
If a person realizes her dreams, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person writes a well-received screenplay, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person buys a new pet, he will feel happy.
If a person makes an early start, he will feel refreshed.
A person visits his neighbor in order to be neighborly.
A person writes a letter to an old friend in order to keep in touch with an old friend.
If a person defeats others in a game, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gives a testimony in church, he is seen as sincere.
If a person regrets a previous event, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
If a person engages in foreplay, he will feel aroused.
A person tries to stop a disagreement in order to be a peacemaker.
If a person learns new data, he has a better understanding of the data as a result.
If a person suspects that the photograph has been tampered with, he wants to examine the photograph.
A person tells others about the tree in order to share the tree with PersonY.
If a person enjoys this journey, he wants to go on this journey again.
If a person completes a painting, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets some help, he will feel supported.
A person took an art class in order to improve her skills.
A person sits in church in order to be spiritual.
If a person experiences excruciating pain, he wants to get rid of the pain.
A person tells others about what happened in order to share his experience.
If a person knows that something's wrong, he will feel concerned.
If a person learns self-worth, he wants to feel better about himself.
If a person makes it to the top, he is happy as a result.
If a person works through things, he will feel resolved.
If a person enjoys the breeze, he will feel relaxed.
A person helps others around the house in order to be helpful.
If a person gets things going, he will feel in control.
If a person is interested in a philosophy, he wants to read more philosophy.
If a person has friends over, he has fun as a result.
If a person moves to the beat, he will feel relaxed.
If a person buys the card, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good lawyer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person places the order, he will feel satisfied.
If a person obtains a position, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts others's explanation, he wants to believe PersonY.
If a person finishes the task, he will feel successful.
If a person helps with work, he will feel productive.
If a person settles on the chair, he will feel comfortable.
If a person plays with the children, he will feel connected.
If a person wins a tug-of-war, he will feel pleased.
If a person toasts the team, he will feel proud.
If a person learns from his mistake, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person is regarded as, he will feel respected.
If a person brings the right change, he will feel satisfied.
A person sends others an e-mail in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person prepares to carry on with her life, he will feel hopeful.
If a person makes time to exercise, he will feel healthy.
A person mends the umbrellas in order to keep the umbrellas in good condition.
If a person receives a nasty letter, he is upset as a result.
If a person has eaten today, he will feel full.
A person goes into the room in order to see what is in the room.
If a person is disappointed with everything, he becomes bitter as a result.
If a person does not forget to take a shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person and others pay their respects in order to be respectful.
If a person has a serious misunderstanding with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person gets a reward for good work, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets used to this life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person spends a day at the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person regrets something that has happened, he wants to do something about it.
If a person talks with great knowledge, he will feel confident.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he will feel delighted.
If a person is given the opportunity to go to college, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets angry at someone, he wants to yell at someone.
A person visits others in the hospital in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person gets a well-paid job, he will feel pleased.
A person is working on the site in order to finish the site.
If a person makes a list of things to do, he will feel motivated.
If a person buys a vehicle, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels that others is a nuisance, he wants to be rid of PersonY.
If a person adopts a new hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person reaches an understanding with others, he is pleased with PersonY as a result.
If a person drinks alcoholic drink, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person's wife left him, he will feel upset.
If a person takes shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person receives support, he will feel strong.
A person tells about her day in order to share her day with others.
A person lies down on the bed in order to rest.
If a person celebrates with wine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks on his feet, he will feel confident.
If a person does school work, he will feel productive.
If a person takes some time out, he will feel relaxed.
If a person stands up to bullies, he will feel courageous.
If a person likes to talk with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person gets his act together, he will feel determined.
If a person feels appreciated, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is fed well, he will feel satisfied.
A person grabs the phone in order to make a call.
A person sends others some mail in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he will feel in control.
If a person suffers at the hands of others, he is injured as a result.
If a person makes a wonderful discovery, he will feel proud.
If a person experiences hard times, he will feel upset.
If a person becomes the big boss, he will feel powerful.
A person is home for the holidays in order to spend time with his family.
If a person respects others's thoughts, he wants to listen to PersonY's thoughts.
If a person tries to see the positive side, he learns to be optimistic as a result.
If a person gets on the move, he gets into shape as a result.
If a person is enthusiastic, he wants to do everything.
If a person joins an amateur dramatic group, he will feel motivated.
If a person admits she owes others an apology, he wants to make amends.
If a person turns on the air conditioner, he will feel cool.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person writes in his journal, he writes about his day as a result.
If a person becomes close friends with others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person talks to Leslie, he gets to know Leslie as a result.
If a person gets power, he will feel in control.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he will feel peaceful.
If a person tries some fresh fruit, he wants to eat the fruit.
A person is fixing the bicycle in order to make the bicycle rideable.
If a person is quick at work, he will feel smart.
A person makes a list of possible symptoms in order to be prepared for the symptoms.
A person starts walking toward others in order to get closer to PersonY.
If a person earns his degrees, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finds a source of information, he wants to use the information.
If a person is prepared for things, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sets the record straight, he will feel confident.
A person walks along the road in order to go somewhere.
If a person gets accepted by a school, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves the issue, he will feel peaceful.
A person makes a birthday present for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person visits his mother every day, he feels close to his mother as a result.
If a person goes on a pilgrimage, he will feel spiritual.
If a person can't make a decision, he will feel confused.
If a person takes great interest in things, he wants to know everything.
If a person rests on the grass, he will feel relaxed.
A person avoids attending meetings in order to avoid the pressure of meetings.
If a person starts to play soccer, he will feel motivated.
A person goes back to his mother's house in order to see his mother.
If a person stops to consider the mirror, he wants to look at himself.
A person prepared well for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person opens the conversation, he gets to know the other person as a result.
A person trains for a certain sport in order to be a better athlete.
A person investigates the crime in order to find the truth.
If a person tries to stay calm, he is not upset as a result.
A person keeps on meeting others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person realized he made a big mistake, he regrets his decision as a result.
If a person solves a business problem, he will feel successful.
If a person sets out for adventure, he will feel excited.
If a person tries to straighten out her affairs, he becomes more organized as a result.
If a person is working out, he is healthier as a result.
A person does the right thing in order to be a good person.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he will feel excited.
If a person has a beer with friends, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person has a really tough time, he will feel frustrated.
If a person feels very angry, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person adjusts to a new environment, he will feel relaxed.
If a person rests a little, he will feel content.
A person is packing in order to be ready for a trip.
If a person chokes on food, he wants to stop choking.
A person always does his homework in order to do well in school.
If a person and others attend a concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person works hard to fix it, he is seen as responsible.
If a person addresses others's problems, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person rides his bike to school, he will feel independent.
A person is hard at work in order to make money.
A person is going to the party in order to have fun.
If a person holds others in a tight embrace, he feels closer to PersonY as a result.
A person changes alarm clock in order to have a better alarm clock.
If a person maintains his focus, he will feel motivated.
If a person regrets losing her mother, he wants to get her mother back.
If a person resolves, he will feel confident.
A person and others have a very long talk in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person got what he wanted, he was happy as a result.
A person protests all over the world in order to be heard.
If a person helps others finish the job, he will feel useful.
If a person goes to the new salon, he wants to look better.
A person goes away from home in order to see the world.
If a person studies hard for exams, he will feel motivated.
A person invites her to dinner in order to spend time with her.
If a person sings a tune, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a ticket to the dance, he is excited about the dance as a result.
If a person follows through with the plan, he will feel determined.
If a person hits his head, he will feel in pain.
If a person falls off his horse, he is injured as a result.
A person volunteers to take a position in order to be useful.
If a person has a blast at the party, he will feel joyful.
If a person and others are worried about the environment, he wants to save the environment.
If a person plans out everything, he will feel in control.
A person reads the articles in order to understand the situation.
A person is taking a rest in order to be relaxed.
If a person loves to play, he wants to play more.
A person takes his dog to the vet in order to keep his dog healthy.
If a person requests help, he is assisted as a result.
A person visits a hair salon in order to get a new hairstyle.
If a person rests in the park, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person makes improvements, he will feel pleased.
If a person is dressed up in a special outfit, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a travel book, he will feel curious.
If a person solves his problem, he is pleased as a result.
If a person helps others with an argument, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person builds on the ideas of others in order to learn from others.
If a person gets credit for advice, he will feel appreciated.
If a person knows what to do, he is confident as a result.
If a person is amazed by something, he wants to see it again.
If a person learns to play the violin, he becomes a better musician as a result.
A person buries others's body in order to give PersonY a proper burial.
If a person consents to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person needs to get a raise, he will feel determined.
If a person completes training, he is fit as a result.
If a person enjoys walking in the mountains, he will feel relaxed.
If a person feels a little better, he will feel confident.
A person asks the first question in order to get the answers.
A person goes ahead with her work in order to be productive.
If a person makes a bad bet, he loses money as a result.
If a person has become like a family member, he is loved by his family as a result.
If a person is hurt by others's words, he will feel sad.
A person does some backpacking in order to experience the outdoors.
If a person finds something significant, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person decides to read a book, he will feel interested.
If a person finishes math homework, he will feel accomplished.
A person gets away from the group in order to be alone.
If a person and others finish a great meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person tells others about their mistake in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person zips up his coat, he will feel warm.
If a person appreciates others’s compassion, he will feel happy.
If a person decides not to get angry, he calms down as a result.
If a person starts on a new journey, he will feel determined.
If a person is making improvements, he is becoming more efficient as a result.
If a person gets pulled in all directions, he will feel scattered.
If a person has issues, he seeks help as a result.
If a person moves to the countryside, he enjoys the countryside as a result.
A person worked in the garden in order to be more productive.
If a person prepares to begin writing again, he will feel happy.
If a person put the pieces together, he finds the solution as a result.
If a person works hard to get it, he will feel rewarded.
If a person organizes the business trip, he will feel in control.
A person wakes up at the crack of dawn in order to get an early start.
A person tests her powers of persuasion in order to prove that she can persuade people.
A person would bring others to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person commutes to work in order to be productive.
If a person feels better than ever, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person remembers others’s needs, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person goes for a morning jog, he will feel energized.
If a person grows the business, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to go camping, he enjoys the outdoors as a result.
If a person gets out of the trap, he will feel victorious.
If a person takes up a new cause, he will feel passionate.
If a person meets a comedian, he is entertained as a result.
A person buys a guitar in order to be able to play guitar.
If a person is invited to play, he will feel interested.
If a person reads an informative paper, he learns a lot as a result.
If a person looks through the Bible, he wants to read the Bible.
If a person goes to the school reunion, he wants to see his old friends.
If a person stands up for his convictions, he will feel victorious.
If a person thinks of a different way, he will feel creative.
If a person and others try out for the play, he wants to be in the play.
If a person has returned home, he wants to see his family.
If a person comes to believe that others is a murderer, he wants to stop PersonY from killing people.
A person works diligently in order to be the best.
If a person outwits his enemy, he will feel victorious.
If a person talks to other people in town, he is seen as friendly.
If a person decides to read it again, he will feel interested.
A person is working on the weekends in order to earn money.
If a person regains control, he feels more confident as a result.
A person shovels snow from the driveway in order to keep the driveway clear.
If a person gets a gift from others, he will feel pleased.
A person begins a new class in order to learn new things.
If a person is hard at work, he will feel productive.
If a person is not sure, he will feel confused.
If a person seeks outside support, he will feel comforted.
If a person seeks counsel from others, he is encouraged by PersonY as a result.
If a person values others's presence, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person becomes successful, he will feel confident.
If a person engages in activities, he has a social life as a result.
If a person is worried about something, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person often works out, he is fit as a result.
A person goes to church in the morning in order to be religious.
If a person buys tickets to a show, he enjoys the show as a result.
If a person goes to chapel, he will feel spiritual.
If a person becomes aware of a problem, he will feel worried.
If a person is taken away by ambulance, he is treated in hospital as a result.
If a person succeeds at something, he is happy as a result.
If a person studies the night sky, he learns about the stars as a result.
A person invites others out for a cup of coffee in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person believes that others is lying, he wants to know the truth.
If a person is served, he will feel treated well.
If a person begins his studies, he will feel motivated.
If a person does not like what others did, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person fights for a cause, he will feel inspired.
If a person does it in a way that suits others, he gets praise from PersonY as a result.
If a person practices day in and day out, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person finds success, he will feel fulfilled.
A person practices fencing in order to be good at fencing.
If a person feels a strong aversion to alcohol, he does not drink alcohol as a result.
If a person organizes a good event, he will feel confident.
If a person practices love, he wants to be a good lover.
If a person's fishing plan succeeds, he will feel triumphant.
If a person continues searching, he wants to find the answer.
If a person needs to get home, he will feel in a hurry.
If a person gets over with it, he will feel relieved.
If a person reasons about a matter, he will feel smart.
If a person regrets something that has happened, he wants to change what has happened.
If a person has an advantage, he will feel confident.
A person tries to know more in order to be better.
If a person uses fuel inefficiently, he wants to use fuel more efficiently.
A person studies her problem in order to solve her problem.
If a person has a fight, he will feel angry.
If a person read a great book, he will feel happy.
If a person continues to relax, he will feel happy.
If a person cracks his head, he is in pain as a result.
If a person goes on the quest, he will feel excited.
If a person achieves her goals, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person cares for others’s feelings, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person is experienced, he will feel competent.
A person sends a romantic note to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person regrets a mistake, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, he will feel inebriated.
A person visits a woman in order to help a woman.
A person waits outside for others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person get dressed, he will feel ready.
If a person is engaged in debate, he will feel energetic.
If a person just can’t take it any more, he wants to leave.
A person gets a drink of water in order to stay hydrated.
A person tries to talk with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person has achieved a lot, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to find out more about the person.
If a person invests in new business, he wants to make more money.
If a person suffers from others's lie, he will feel betrayed.
If a person gets to the main point, he will feel focused.
If a person was suspicious, he wants to be sure.
If a person gets rained on, he is soaked as a result.
If a person drinks lots of alcohol, he becomes drunk as a result.
A person tells others the facts in order to be truthful.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he will feel focused.
If a person cannot stand it any longer, he wants to move out.
If a person tries to pull it off, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes informed, he will feel interested.
If a person is afraid of returning to jail, he will feel anxious.
If a person purchases the goods, he will feel pleased.
A person brushes 's teeth in order to keep his teeth clean.
If a person embarks on a holiday, he will feel excited.
If a person looks others up, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person finds others intriguing, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person completes an assessment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person looks for the error, he wants to fix the error.
If a person receives a facelift, he will feel pleased.
A person avoids attending meetings in order to avoid unnecessary meetings.
A person questions others's need to leave in order to understand PersonY's motives.
A person goes for a long walk in order to relax.
If a person finally settles the score, he will feel vindicated.
If a person thinks of a trick, he wants to do the trick.
A person fixes the bathtub in order to make sure the bathtub is working properly.
If a person, on his own, enjoys something, he wants to do that thing again.
If a person is dissatisfied with the conclusion, he wants to change the ending.
A person does so much for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person learns to spell, he is a better speller as a result.
A person signs up for a class in order to improve her skills.
If a person brings the best out of others, he makes PersonY a better person as a result.
If a person enjoys an outing, he will feel refreshed.
If a person sees the movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person experiences an incredible sight, he will feel thrilled.
A person practices his english in order to be fluent in English.
If a person performs an illegal act, he will feel guilty.
A person reads through her notes in order to review her notes.
If a person is a skilled dog trainer, he is successful as a result.
If a person got sunburned, he is covered in red spots as a result.
If a person gets the piece, he is happy as a result.
If a person is respected, he is liked by his colleagues as a result.
If a person has a bad cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person learns a sport, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person has an ear for languages, he speaks several languages as a result.
If a person becomes a business magnate, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wins the final competition, he will feel proud.
If a person watches a good show, he is happy as a result.
A person puts the question to vote in order to get a decision.
If a person makes an observation, he wants to investigate.
If a person is interested in the subject, he wants to study more.
A person asks others to go out with them in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person relaxes in a tub, he will feel happy.
A person washes his clothes in order to keep his clothes clean.
A person updates her blog in order to share her thoughts.
If a person works without stopping, he will feel motivated.
A person describes others’s stance in order to know how PersonY feels about the issue.
If a person improves the quality of a product, he will feel pleased.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he gets angry as a result.
A person and others talk together in order to discuss something with PersonY.
A person visits her folks in order to reconnect with her family.
If a person has a can-do attitude, he will feel inspired.
If a person practices arts and crafts, he will feel entertained.
A person visited others in hospital in order to support PersonY.
A person tells his wife about it in order to be open with his wife.
A person talks to others about spirituality in order to have a spiritual conversation.
A person takes a stroll in the park in order to be in nature.
If a person uses money well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is overcome by curiosity, he wants to explore the world.
If a person goes clubbing and gets wasted, he wakes up with a hangover as a result.
A person cleans up the crime scene in order to get the job done.
If a person is already taking steps to solve the problem, he makes progress as a result.
If a person thinks that others is causing trouble, he wants to stop PersonY.
If a person feels a great love for others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person takes a long shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person sits down to read, he will feel peaceful.
If a person takes on an invitation, he wants to be a part of the group.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he enjoys the meal as a result.
If a person has the good life, he will feel content.
If a person gets on in life, he is a success as a result.
A person communicates with his fans in order to be connected to his fans.
If a person sees the other side, he will feel interested.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's father hits , he will feel hurt.
A person eats with her family in order to be a part of her family.
If a person becomes really successful, he gets more money as a result.
A person encourages others to fight in order PersonY to be a better fighter.
If a person realizes others needs help, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person gets some new clothes, he looks better as a result.
A person runs to the park in order to get exercise.
If a person sees the silver lining, he will feel happy.
If a person is looking good today, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to get a grip, he will feel focused.
If a person thinks others wants to help him, he feels supported as a result.
If a person is taken out to lunch, he will feel happy.
If a person tries a different way, he is seen as innovative.
If a person enjoys time with friends, he will feel content.
A person tries to fight others again in order to hurt PersonY.
If a person will leave for holidays soon, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person takes charge of things, he will feel competent.
If a person lands a plum job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stays home and takes a nap, he will feel rested.
If a person faces failure, he will feel defeated.
A person opens its browser in order to surf the web.
If a person finds his or her true calling, he wants to pursue that calling.
If a person has been taken care of, he will feel loved.
If a person and others go out for coffee, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person arranges for a holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person watches a medical show on TV, he learns about health as a result.
If a person is caught in a dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
If a person is dissatisfied with her house, he wants to move.
If a person finds a great job, he will feel relieved.
A person sets out again in order to continue his journey.
If a person has great plans, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person is the victim of a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person plans to visit others, he is happy to see PersonY as a result.
If a person enrolls in school, he will feel motivated.
If a person has an accident while operating a power tool, he is injured as a result.
A person is heading to work in order to be productive.
If a person makes a great decision, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to be polite in order to be liked.
If a person is blamed for the accident, he will feel guilty.
If a person tries to collect all the books, he wants to read all the books.
If a person experiences a sudden loss, he will feel upset.
A person digs for evidence in order to find the truth.
A person interviews you in order to find out more about you.
A person drives to a secluded place in order to be alone.
If a person hears some good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person drives to the gas station, he fills up the tank as a result.
If a person recognizes the beauty of the sunrise, he is inspired by the sunrise as a result.
If a person asks to be reassured, he will feel reassured.
If a person enters a fitness program, he will feel motivated.
If a person reads a new novel, he will feel interested.
If a person is a good host, he is praised by guests as a result.
If a person plays games on phone, he will feel entertained.
If a person believes that others was telling the truth, he wants to trust PersonY.
If a person helps to fix something, he will feel useful.
A person lets personY in on it in order to be open with personY.
If a person sticks to his word, he will feel trustworthy.
If a person contemplates the universe, he wants to know more about the universe.
If a person likes to write, he will feel excited.
If a person has access to a variety of software, he learns to use software as a result.
If a person’s family needs him, he returns home as a result.
If a person takes time to have a rest, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person goes into a more intimate relationship with others in order to be closer to PersonY.
If a person signs for the goods, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person swims at the YMCA, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person becomes the leader of the gang, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets others a very special birthday present, he will feel pleased.
If a person fights to be free, he will feel determined.
A person reads a lot of books in order to learn more.
If a person thinks he is in trouble, he will feel nervous.
If a person is the member of a group, he will feel accepted.
A person takes others to his doctor in order to help PersonY.
If a person has another idea, he wants to try it.
If a person becomes a victim of violence, he will feel hurt.
If a person tries to talk others out of suicide, he gets PersonY to change his mind as a result.
If a person gets a well-paid job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person volunteers to do something for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person spends the evening with friends, he has a good time as a result.
A person visits MotherY in order to talk to MotherY.
If a person had a difficult day, he will feel sad.
A person communicates with his fans in order to connect with his fans.
If a person seizes the day, he will feel in control.
If a person thanks others for the advice, he feels better as a result.
If a person has a new outlook, he will feel inspired.
A person joins a volunteer service in order to help others.
If a person has his revenge, he feels better as a result.
A person makes a reservation for others in order to make sure PersonY has a place to stay.
If a person tries to improve self, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns about literature, he will feel intelligent.
If a person debates with herself, he will feel unsure.
If a person gives a lecture at a conference, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person visits the beach, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person starts reading a book, he will feel calm.
A person puts on trousers in order to look presentable.
If a person sinks to a new low, he will feel hopeless.
If a person experiences panic, he wants to calm down.
If a person talks to one of the players, he will feel connected.
If a person knows he or she did wrong, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person stands up for principle, he will feel strong.
If a person and others goes on a date, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person plays musical instruments, he is talented as a result.
If a person identifies others as a drug dealer, he wants to see PersonY arrested.
If a person discovers that others is on drugs, he wants to stop PersonY from using drugs.
If a person is afraid of a situation, he wants to avoid the situation.
If a person travels back to the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person realizes that others is ill, he is concerned about PersonY as a result.
If a person becomes a business magnate, he will feel powerful.
If a person engages in poetry, he becomes a poet as a result.
A person promises to compensate others in order to make amends.
If a person learns new data, he wants to keep learning.
A person tries new things in order to be more adventurous.
If a person and others share ideas, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person suffers from a loss, he wants to grieve.
If a person did not like being humiliated, he wants to avoid humiliation.
If a person finds a cool place to live, he is happy as a result.
If a person inspects others’s trophies, he learns about PersonY’s achievements as a result.
A person writes a check to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person proves his dominance, he will feel proud.
If a person breaks into song, he will feel joyful.
If a person and others get into a heated argument, he will feel annoyed.
If a person gets a piece of the action, he is pleased as a result.
If a person is upset about it, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets used to others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person studies her problem, he wants to find a solution.
If a person works with vegetables, he will feel productive.
If a person finds something to do, he will feel happy.
If a person dances in a room, he will feel happy.
If a person returns to old neighborhood, he sees old friends as a result.
If a person sees the design, he is impressed as a result.
A person learns how to sew in order to be able to sew.
If a person notices something off, he investigates as a result.
A person continues her work in order to finish her work.
A person cleans up after himself in order to be neat.
If a person is a competent cook, he makes a good meal as a result.
If a person remains calm, he will feel secure.
If a person is sad about something, he wants to feel better.
If a person receives an urgent message, he wants to reply immediately.
If a person decides to go to a university, he studies hard as a result.
If a person succeeds at the speech, he will feel confident.
A person went to the theatre in order to be a part of the theatre.
If a person finds a new hobby, he will feel satisfied.
If a person asks the audience for help, he will feel supported.
If a person has trouble meeting a deadline, he will feel stressed.
If a person works to accomplish a goal, he achieves the goal as a result.
If a person hears a bad news, he will feel sad.
A person entrusts an important secret to others in order to trust PersonY.
A person goes to check on a rumor in order to be sure.
If a person has a bright future, he is happy as a result.
A person serves her boss in order to make her boss happy.
If a person says something with passion, he wants to say it again.
If a person knows what to do next, he will feel in control.
If a person discovers a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person steals and immediately regrets it, he will feel ashamed.
A person brings home food in order to provide for his family.
If a person agrees to mediate the conflict, he gets the conflict resolved as a result.
If a person is cut with a knife, he is in pain as a result.
If a person has a successful business, he will feel happy.
If a person is shot at by an irate woman, he is injured as a result.
If a person decides to take a long rest, he gets a good night’s sleep as a result.
If a person finds something to help others, he will feel pleased.
A person pays for others's education in order to help PersonY.
A person looks for new activities in order to be a more active person.
If a person goes to the local gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a part in the play, he is pleased as a result.
A person tells his dad about others in order to keep his dad informed.
If a person reads a book on child psychology, he will feel interested.
If a person had been doing a lot of different things, he is seen as creative.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he feels satisfied as a result.
If a person takes his bath, he is clean as a result.
If a person buys some items, he will feel satisfied.
If a person calls others’s number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person makes a successful model, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person considers the possible actions, he will feel curious.
If a person gives others a high-five, he will feel pleased.
A person calls the lawyer in order to resolve the issue.
If a person began to eat better, he will feel content.
If a person experiences conflict, he will feel irritated.
If a person witnesses a bad thing, he is upset as a result.
If a person completes the application, he will feel satisfied.
A person does the exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person knows what to say, he will feel confident.
If a person sees the future on TV, he wants to know what's going to happen.
If a person meets with the police, he is questioned by the police as a result.
A person works out at the health club in order to stay in shape.
A person helps the old man across the street in order to help someone.
If a person takes a day off from work, he will feel free.
If a person tries to solve the murder case, he will feel determined.
If a person makes his mark in the world, he will feel satisfied.
A person pulls his punches in order to avoid a fight.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he will feel relieved.
A person is working overtime in order to earn more money.
If a person manages to agree, he is happy as a result.
If a person goes for a round of golf, he will feel relaxed.
If a person looks forward to dining at an unusual restaurant, he enjoys the meal as a result.
If a person practices self-discipline, he will feel confident.
A person begins work in order to be productive.
If a person speaks of personal growth, he wants to improve his life.
A person addresses her religious experiences in order to understand her religious experiences.
A person carries out the job in order to do the job well.
If a person joins a new gym, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person accepts an invitation to help, he will feel eager.
If a person thinks others is honest, he wants to trust PersonY.
If a person realizes that something is missing, he wants to find it.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he will feel joyous.
If a person visits his neighbour, he gets to know his neighbour as a result.
If a person is involved in a larger context, he will feel integrated.
A person deals with his issues in order to feel better.
If a person does well in exam, he will feel happy.
If a person invites others for tea, he wants to have a nice time with PersonY.
A person decides to confront the situation in order to find out the truth.
If a person calls the boy's bluff, he will feel victorious.
If a person works out in a gym, he will feel energetic.
A person and others are going fishing in order to go fishing and PersonY wants to catch fish.
If a person takes a stroll down the street, he will feel relaxed.
If a person beats up the competition, he will feel powerful.
If a person tests a theory, he will feel interested.
If a person has second thoughts about his girlfriend, he will feel worried.
If a person finds out the perfect person, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to explain his or her decision in order to make sure that the other person understands.
If a person finally connects with others, he has a good time with PersonY as a result.
If a person is always busy, he is rarely at home as a result.
If a person feels suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person feels compassion for others, he wants to be kind to PersonY.
If a person chooses wisely, he will feel satisfied.
A person keeps track of time in order to be on time.
A person does things for other people in order to be a good person.
If a person and others hang out together, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person gets things done, he will feel confident.
If a person is always successful, he is confident as a result.
If a person prepares a long-term plan, he will feel in control.
A person does not participate in a fight in order to avoid violence.
If a person remains calm, he does not get angry as a result.
If a person drops by others’s office, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person has an unpleasant surprise, he is not happy as a result.
A person looks others up and down in order to evaluate PersonY.
If a person has a car wreck, he is injured as a result.
If a person hears bad news, he will feel disappointed.
A person rubs elbows with high society in order to be part of the upper class.
A person defends others's point of view in order to help PersonY.
A person looks at the issue from different angles in order to understand the issue.
If a person cares about something, he wants to get that thing.
A person refuses to follow the group in order to be independent.
If a person turns on the television, he will feel entertained.
If a person partakes in a feast, he is filled with good food as a result.
If a person recognizes a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person learns more, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person convinces others to take more time off, he will feel satisfied.
If a person offers himself to God, he wants to do God's will.
If a person invents a brilliant solution, he will feel satisfied.
If a person attends meditation class, he will feel peaceful.
A person makes a follow-up call in order to check on a situation.
If a person performs admirably, he will feel proud.
A person runs from the knife in order to avoid being hurt.
If a person shares many interesting stories, he is a good storyteller as a result.
If a person takes steps to correct the situation, he makes progress as a result.
If a person cares about something, he wants to help.
A person works very hard in order to be successful.
If a person prays in Church, he will feel connected.
If a person learns some more, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person gets a massage, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel relieved.
If a person is getting into bed, he is falling asleep as a result.
A person plays games with the kids in order to be involved with the kids.
If a person stands up to -Paul, he will feel brave.
If a person applies himself, he will feel confident.
If a person starts law school, he wants to work as a lawyer.
If a person gets a drink, he becomes intoxicated as a result.
A person takes care of things in order to make sure things are done.
If a person experiences prosperity, he feels happy as a result.
If a person is awarded a prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person sends thank-you card, he will feel appreciated.
A person starts to read the book in order to understand the book.
If a person studies for a medical degree, he will feel motivated.
If a person struggles with writer's block, he will feel frustrated.
A person moves to the next step in order to be successful.
If a person is growing to be a good person, he will feel hopeful.
If a person thinks very carefully, he wants to make a decision.
If a person studies the result, he will feel curious.
If a person reads a brochure, he will feel informed.
If a person tackles the problem, he wants to do something about it.
If a person considers a resolution, he wants to work on a solution.
If a person asks for another chance, he is given another chance as a result.
If a person is excellent at his job, he will feel proud.
If a person finds it extremely pleasurable, he wants to do it again.
If a person finally hears a noise, he wants to know what it is.
If a person has an effective strategy, he will feel confident.
If a person stocks up on food, he is well fed as a result.
If a person's new book is a critical and financial success, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets himself a bath, he will feel clean.
If a person is sorry for what he did, he wants to make amends.
If a person tries to look at the bright side, he will feel cheerful.
If a person has success, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives a dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person plays games with the kids, he has fun with the kids as a result.
A person considers moving abroad in order to see the world.
A person sets a table in order to be a good host.
If a person likes to surprise others, he will feel excited.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he wants to keep on enjoying herself.
If a person prepares a schedule, he will feel productive.
If a person dances to a waltz, he will feel joyful.
If a person studies some things, he learns something as a result.
If a person is feeling upset, he wants to feel better.
If a person works out a plan, he will feel determined.
If a person has a bad month, he is unhappy as a result.
A person tends to his own needs in order to be independent.
If a person had an anxiety attack, he wants to calm down.
If a person turns the music up, he will feel happy.
If a person finds success, he will feel excited.
If a person fights for moral rights, he will feel noble.
A person considers personY's response in order to understand personY's response.
A person walks around the block in order to get exercise.
A person treats others to a meal in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person and others reestablish their relationship, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person quits the band in order to do something else.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others enjoy playing together, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person looks others up on the Internet in order to find out more about PersonY.
A person questions what others says in order to understand PersonY.
If a person makes an offering to God, he will feel reverent.
If a person welcomes others to the team, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good game, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a good time with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person undergoes tests, he gets the results as a result.
A person talks to her grandmother in order to hear from her grandmother.
If a person takes a look at the object, he will feel curious.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel content.
If a person wins the championship, he is happy as a result.
If a person finishes a job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does yoga exercises, he wants to be healthy.
If a person is full of bad memories, he is sad as a result.
A person cleans an apartment in order to make the apartment presentable.
If a person gets beat up, he feels pain as a result.
If a person cuts his own lawn, he will feel self-sufficient.
If a person has an opportunity, he wants to seize the opportunity.
If a person, being free from fear, discovers power, he is more confident as a result.
A person asked for a promotion in order to be a leader.
A person puts his plan into action in order to be successful.
If a person thinks the trip is worthwhile, he wants to see the trip through.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he wants to solve problems.
If a person moves up the corporate ladder, he will feel happy.
If a person does a big job, he will feel proud.
If a person repents of sin, he wants to stop sinning.
If a person scores a victory, he will feel pleased.
If a person initiates marriage to others, he will feel pleased.
If a person acquires a skill, he wants to master the skill.
If a person is taught to paint, he becomes a painter as a result.
If a person watches a documentary, he will feel curious.
A person pays off debts in order to be debt free.
A person visits parent for lunch in order to spend time with his parents.
If a person confronts a thief, he catches the thief as a result.
A person does a lot of research in order to be informed.
A person and others cleans the car in order to make the car look good.
If a person cooks a special dish, he will feel pleased.
If a person sits back and laughs, he will feel happy.
If a person returns to a familiar place, he will feel at home.
A person checks in on  in order to make sure PersonX is OK.
If a person picks the apartment, he is satisfied with the apartment as a result.
If a person falls into debt, he wants to get out of debt.
A person practices piano in order to be a good pianist.
A person tells you that he will do it by himself in order to be independent.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he has a good time as a result.
If a person takes notes in class, he will feel studious.
If a person arrives at the end of his patience, he wants to get away from the situation.
If a person enrolls in a course, he will feel happy.
If a person plans out everything, he is a great planner as a result.
If a person feels sorry for others, he wants to make PersonY feel better.
If a person keeps others home, he gets to spend time with PersonY as a result.
If a person is beginning to think that she has a problem, he wants to get help.
If a person accepts the job, he will feel happy.
A person heads out on the town in order to enjoy himself.
If a person heads to others’s home, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person rises at dawn, he will feel alert.
If a person wins something in a contest, he will feel happy.
If a person begins thinking about what he should do, he will feel uncertain.
If a person does not conform to the ordinary custom, he is considered eccentric as a result.
If a person learns to be kind, he wants to be a good person.
If a person learns to share, he will feel generous.
If a person sees a need, he wants to fill the need.
A person starts to call others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person had a medical issue, he was treated as a result.
If a person starts to freak out, he wants to calm down.
A person pulls others close in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person volunteers at a charity, he wants to help people.
If a person attends a play, he will feel entertained.
A person calls a friend in order to have a conversation.
If a person lives in a beautiful home, he will feel at home.
If a person surfs the Net, he will feel entertained.
A person considers moving away in order to start a new life.
If a person uses his shopping time effectively, he will feel pleased.
If a person experiences troubles, he will feel distressed.
A person eats a fresh, crisp apple in order to taste the freshness of the apple.
A person visits the factory in order to learn more about the factory.
A person does a lot of research in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person completes the mission, he is seen as competent.
If a person wins a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person realizes that something is not quite right, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person likes to go jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person stays home to take care of the children, he will feel responsible.
If a person arrives at the theatre, he sees a play as a result.
If a person performs good deeds, he will feel happy.
A person tries to describe in order to share his experience.
If a person listens to relaxing music, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has been collecting information, he will feel prepared.
A person moves out of her family’s house in order to be independent.
If a person is working on an assignment, he will feel motivated.
If a person read something on the Internet, he is interested in the subject as a result.
If a person accepts it with courage, he will feel relaxed.
If a person lands a plum job, he will feel confident.
If a person is warm and sunny, he will feel content.
If a person starts to paint, he wants to be a painter.
If a person plays with a toy, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes his dream, he will feel happy.
If a person congratulates a friend, he will feel proud.
A person helps his mother in order to be close to his mother.
If a person thinks about what is really going on, he will feel curious.
If a person buys a ticket to hear a concert, he will feel excited.
If a person applies to the job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person tries to interpret signs, he wants to interpret them correctly.
If a person finds time for reading, he will feel motivated.
If a person made a good decision, he will feel confident.
If a person takes it seriously, he will feel determined.
A person joins a network in order to connect with people.
A person goes to others's parent's house in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person goes to the city for the first time, he will feel adventurous.
A person takes a look at it in order to see what it is.
If a person is concerned about the gambling operations, he wants to know more about the operations.
A person helps to sort out a problem in order to help others.
A person cleans out the apartment in order to have a clean apartment.
If a person drinks something, he is drunk as a result.
If a person is engaged in debate, he will feel competitive.
A person starts to change in order to become a better person.
If a person gains something from his efforts, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person shows interest in you in order to get to know you better.
If a person gets into a conflict, he will feel irritated.
If a person runs to the theater, he sees a play as a result.
If a person is an open book, he will feel understood.
If a person suspects that others has stolen a report, he wants to prove that PersonY has stolen the report.
If a person drinks a glass of orange juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he will feel amazed.
A person shares ideas with others in order to collaborate with PersonY.
A person intends to visit others's house in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person consults a magazine, he will feel informed.
A person lets others try something new in order to give PersonY a chance.
A person trains in the park in order to improve his skills.
If a person thinks about the real incident, he wants to remember the incident.
If a person works on a theory, he will feel motivated.
If a person feels unfulfilled, he wants to do something more.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he is angry as a result.
A person checks the answering machine in order to be sure the answering machine is working.
A person takes a hot shower in order to feel clean.
A person walks around in others's house in order to explore the house.
A person kisses her on the lips in order to be intimate with her.
A person thinks of a few nice things to say in order to make the other person feel good.
If a person cannot face it anymore, he wants to give up.
If a person wins the final competition, he will feel confident.
A person leaves for a hike in order to enjoy nature.
If a person reflects on ethical theory, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person suffers a cataclysmic loss, he is left devastated as a result.
If a person finally reconciles with others, he will feel pleased.
A person repairs a table in order to make the table usable.
If a person goes to the seaside, he will feel content.
A person follows others into a house in order to see what PersonY is doing.
If a person receives a gift from others, he is pleased by PersonY’s gift as a result.
If a person gets upset over rumors, he becomes depressed as a result.
If a person wins the football match, he will feel pleased.
A person hires a tax adviser in order to reduce his tax burden.
A person looks up at the window in order to see what is outside.
A person plays with the pet in order to spend time with the pet.
A person decides to visit a place in order to explore a new place.
A person tries to pass a test in order to get a good grade.
If a person holds the top post, he will feel in control.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has to think it over, he will feel uncertain.
If a person avoids all people for days, he is alone as a result.
A person talks to its self in order to understand its self.
If a person has a good dinner, he feels full as a result.
If a person forces others to confess, he will feel victorious.
If a person wears makeup, he will feel pretty.
If a person considers others's ideas, he accepts PersonY's ideas as a result.
If a person attends a class reunion, he meets his old friends as a result.
A person plans an art show in order to be a part of the art world.
If a person lives well, he will feel content.
If a person gets something and is immediately unsatisfied, he will feel frustrated.
If a person does a little dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person does some swimming, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person feels guilty, he wants to make amends.
A person swallows water in order to keep hydrated.
If a person reads a magazine about fishing, he will feel interested.
If a person organizes meeting, he wants to meet new people.
If a person finds another free shelter, he is glad to have a place to stay as a result.
If a person finds fault with something, he gets angry as a result.
If a person learns new techniques, he improves his skills as a result.
A person persuades others to go to the opera in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person bathes regularly, he will feel clean.
A person reads a little book about it in order to learn more about it.
If a person is getting a raise, he will feel happy.
A person tried everything in order to get better.
If a person gives others a big contract, he will feel pleased.
A person is doing exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person attempts to do something, he wants to succeed.
If a person explores her surroundings, he will feel interested.
If a person is given a job, he will feel pleased.
If a person will enjoy others's gifts, he will feel happy.
If a person gets tickets to a ball game, he will feel excited.
A person is a successful manipulator in order to be in control.
If a person knows how to behave, he will feel in control.
If a person learns from a colleague, he will feel enlightened.
If a person devotes herself to science, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person hates thinking of anyone leaving, he wants to make sure everyone stays.
A person goes through the motions in order to do what is expected of him.
If a person and others went to the opera, he and PersonY enjoyed the opera as a result.
If a person signs up for therapy, he will feel motivated.
If a person attends a seminar on marketing, he learns how to market as a result.
A person follows the letter in order to do what is expected of him.
If a person says yes to the job, he will feel happy.
If a person considers two points of view, he will feel open-minded.
If a person has new plans for the future, he will feel hopeful.
If a person has all the qualities of a good friend, he is liked by his friends as a result.
If a person shows concern for personY, he wants to help.
A person prepares to enter the hospital in order to get better.
If a person picks the brains of others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person and others starts dancing, he will feel happy.
If a person has trouble falling asleep, he will feel restless.
A person sets others straight in order to make PersonY see the truth.
If a person calls a helpline, he receives help as a result.
A person cleans his or her room in order to be tidy.
A person continues work in order to be productive.
A person visits the mausoleum in order to pay his respects.
If a person found a good apartment, he will feel happy.
If a person questions their beliefs, he wants to find out what is true.
If a person volunteers at a home for the disabled, he will feel compassionate.
If a person has respect for others, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
A person is eating food in order to be full.
If a person puts on a robe, he will feel dignified.
If a person has to act fast, he wants to get it done.
If a person enjoys playing the violin, he wants to play the violin more.
If a person entertains others with an original idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person purchases it, he is happy as a result.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he has a good time as a result.
If a person has a good vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets the boy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person makes an urgent phone call, he is informed of an emergency as a result.
If a person questions what is going on, he will feel puzzled.
A person reads stories to her children in order to share her love of reading with her children.
If a person prepares for camping, he is excited about camping as a result.
If a person and others celebrates the New Year, he will feel joyful.
If a person says hello to someone she knows, he will feel friendly.
If a person discovers others knows something about others, he wants to know what PersonY knows.
If a person gains an understanding, he will feel wise.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he has an advantage as a result.
If a person solves his problem, he feels better as a result.
If a person and others loves to get drunk, he and PersonY is always drunk as a result.
A person tells someone about what happened in order to share her experience.
A person asks personY a question in order to know more about personY.
If a person devises a unique method of enjoying the evening, he will feel excited.
If a person is concerned about children, he wants to help children.
If a person is getting old, he will feel tired.
If a person listens to a suggestion, he wants to do what the suggestion says.
If a person prepares a large meal, he has a delicious meal as a result.
If a person spends time with his friends, he will feel happy.
If a person has a miserable morning, he is annoyed as a result.
If a person keeps control, he will feel confident.
If a person notices something is unusual, he investigates as a result.
If a person puts his head on the pillow, he will feel relaxed.
If a person convinces others to stay, he will feel good.
If a person goes to the dog and pony show, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets to play, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a break-through insight, he wants to share his insight with the world.
If a person is trained to work with the disadvantaged, he is motivated to help others as a result.
If a person has a bad feeling, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person experiences uncontrollable flatulence, he wants to be able to control his flatulence.
If a person thinks it will happen again, he will feel worried.
If a person climbs to the top of a mountain, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets a new piece of equipment, he will feel pleased.
A person changes the way he uses it in order to make it better.
If a person claps along, he will feel happy.
If a person considers the possibility, he will feel interested.
A person continues to clean in order to be organized.
If a person buys a birthday gift for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person rethinks his plans, he wants to do something else.
If a person drinks half a glass of wine, he will feel a little tipsy.
A person acquires expertise in order to be able to do things well.
If a person goes to his doctor, he wants to be healthy.
A person confronts his father in order to have a meaningful conversation with his father.
If a person learns to get along with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person reevaluates, he wants to make a change.
A person calls on person Y in order to have a conversation with person Y.
If a person reads the funnies first, he will feel amused.
If a person will remain in control, he will feel strong.
A person commits to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person does the same work over and over, he is seen as diligent.
If a person makes peace with them, he will feel calm.
If a person goes to an art exhibit, he enjoys the exhibit as a result.
A person looks up things online in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person tries to move forward, he will feel determined.
If a person gets interested in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person pays to learn how to play, he will feel entertained.
If a person has more than enough food, he will feel full.
If a person throws a celebration party, he will feel delighted.
If a person realizes there’s a conflict, he wants to solve the conflict.
A person reads to his children in order to spend time with his children.
If a person is a successful student, he will feel happy.
A person decides to look for a new job in order to make more money.
If a person has a favorite memory, he wants to relive the memory.
If a person feels that something is odd, he investigates as a result.
If a person reads a particular magazine, he will feel intrigued.
If a person has a bad month, he will feel unhappy.
If a person follows his intuitions, he wants to do what he thinks is right.
If a person finds what she is looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person is startled by a sudden noise, he will feel scared.
If a person gets to play, he will feel content.
If a person does his best, he will feel motivated.
A person has to continue digging in order to get to the bottom of the problem.
If a person was made a fool of, he was humiliated as a result.
If a person takes in a baseball game, he enjoys the game as a result.
If a person survives and thrives, he will feel satisfied.
If a person eventually returns home, he is reunited with his family as a result.
If a person reflects on society, he will feel thoughtful.
A person begins to talk about it in order to tell someone about it.
If a person studies hard, unlike others, he will feel motivated.
If a person is convinced that a third person is involved, he wants to investigate.
If a person calls 911 for a strange smell, he wants to find the source of the smell.
If a person enjoys the drive in others's car, he will feel content.
A person does something thoughtful for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person makes the sale, he will feel happy.
If a person has always been honest, he is a good person as a result.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he will feel happy.
A person moves out of her parents' house in order to be independent.
If a person notices an error, he corrects the error as a result.
A person tries to persuade others not to go away in order to keep PersonY close.
A person writes down what happens in order to remember the events.
If a person gives a great presentation, he will feel proud.
If a person knows how to think, he will feel confident.
If a person has a fight with her friends, he will feel upset.
If a person follows through on a promise, he will feel confident.
If a person is a great student, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins others’s love, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person admits she can't do this alone, he asks for help as a result.
If a person enjoys his dinner, he will feel happy.
A person performs a recital in order to perform for an audience.
If a person buys a new piece of software, he is pleased with the software as a result.
If a person mends a broken relationship, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets to spend quality time with others, he feels closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person goes on a night out, he gets drunk as a result.
A person encourages others to keep trying in order PersonY to be successful.
A person goes somewhere nice in order to have a good time.
If a person convinces the store clerk, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets back in shape, he is happy as a result.
If a person has an exceptional meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does a little dance, he will feel excited.
If a person admits his mistake, he wants to apologize.
If a person dresses very nice today, he will feel elegant.
A person talks to the person following them in order to know who is following them.
If a person reads a fairy tale, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes the kids to a movie, he has fun with the kids as a result.
A person went to the doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person finds it offensive, he will feel angry.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel satisfied.
If a person had a great time, he was happy as a result.
If a person pushes others out of the room, he wants to be alone.
If a person puts on some clothes, he is warm as a result.
A person moves out of her apartment in order to be independent.
If a person checks out a beautiful girl, he will feel interested.
If a person plays with little Jan and Bill, he learns to play with children as a result.
If a person backs up the story, he will feel confident.
If a person is being successful, he will feel confident.
If a person works up the courage to ask others out, he gets a date with PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys a scenic ride, he will feel peaceful.
If a person becomes chairman, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets treatment, he will feel cared for.
If a person convinces others to come with him, he will feel confident.
If a person buys something online, he will feel satisfied.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel peaceful.
A person leads a forest restoration project in order to help the environment.
A person prepares for a talk in order to be well prepared.
A person reads texts carefully in order to understand the situation.
If a person has run out of patience, he wants to leave.
If a person decides not to get angry, he will feel calm.
If a person considers others's idea, he wants to try PersonY's idea.
If a person and others swim in the sea, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person tells others to try again, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person finds a fault in the design of a machine, he wants to fix the machine.
A person leaves his father’s house in order to live independently.
If a person felt too much pain, he wants to be free of pain.
If a person is offered a very good job, he is happy as a result.
If a person consults the options, he will feel curious.
If a person gets a new video game, he will feel pleased.
If a person can't live there, he wants to move out.
If a person can’t deal with it, he breaks down as a result.
A person contributes to charity in order to help others.
If a person and others have a pleasant dinner, he will feel happy.
A person tries to eat in the morning in order to eat healthy.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he will feel happy.
A person hopes to return home soon in order to be reunited with his family.
If a person has a great deal of knowledge, he is smart as a result.
If a person finally went for a jog, he will feel energetic.
If a person has a nice coffee, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a lovely time, he will feel happy.
A person takes a nice walk in order to enjoy the day.
If a person has a good relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps his wits about him, he will feel confident.
If a person takes charge of the group, he will feel powerful.
A person gets a job in the commercial sector in order to be a part of the commercial sector.
A person goes over to others's house in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person gets it on, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts a positive twist on it, he will feel good.
If a person throws a celebration party, he will feel joyful.
A person buys the dog some medicine in order to help the dog.
If a person and others belong to the same group, he will feel included.
If a person goes to the school reunion, he meets up with old friends as a result.
If a person attends a symphony, he will feel moved.
If a person completes a race, he will feel accomplished.
If a person analyses the problem, he will feel interested.
If a person suffers from diarrhea, he wants to go to the bathroom.
If a person is enjoying life now, he wants to continue to enjoy life.
If a person is dissatisfied with job, he wants to find a better job.
If a person acquires a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to be more assertive, he feels more confident as a result.
If a person visits the cinema, he is entertained as a result.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he will feel scared.
If a person becomes famous, he gets lots of fans as a result.
A person was always polite in order to be respected.
If a person succeeds in his quest, he will feel triumphant.
If a person accidentally stumbles into a dangerous situation, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person recognizes some conflict, he wants to resolve the conflict.
If a person has a good summer, he will feel content.
If a person reaches an agreement, he will feel pleased.
A person checks out a suggestion in order to know more about the idea.
If a person photographs something, he gets a good picture as a result.
A person asks a serious question in order to know the truth.
If a person finishes first in the race, he will feel pleased.
If a person hears rumors of war, he will feel worried.
A person and others do volunteer work in order to help people and PersonY wants to help people.
If a person negotiates a settlement, he will feel victorious.
If a person realizes that others would be a great mate, he and PersonY get together as a result.
If a person is a success, he is praised by his peers as a result.
A person attends school regularly in order to succeed in school.
A person sends a message to personY in order to be in touch with personY.
If a person tries to think like others, he becomes more like PersonY as a result.
A person acts for the company in order to make the company more successful.
If a person discusses the situation, he will feel informed.
If a person is growing to be a good person, he will feel confident.
If a person works for big money, he will feel successful.
A person has read the play in order to understand the play.
If a person repents of past sin, he wants to do better.
If a person goes to theater, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns from past mistakes, he wants to make better decisions.
If a person makes a plan, he will feel confident.
If a person packs to go on a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person suffers a loss, he feels sad as a result.
A person leaves to take a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person is saddened by someone's death, he wants to grieve.
If a person learns others's likes and dislikes, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person is able to stay focused, he will feel in control.
A person visits others and PersonZ in order to talk to PersonY and PersonZ.
If a person made a good sculpture, he will feel proud.
If a person discovers help, he will feel hopeful.
If a person mends a relationship, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does not like feeling trapped, he wants to be free.
If a person plays with the ducklings, he has fun with the ducklings as a result.
A person sets the record straight in order to be honest.
A person follows others in the street in order to be with PersonY.
If a person and others being in love, he wants to get married.
If a person succeeds in impressing others, he will feel happy.
If a person and others finally make love, he will feel happy.
A person takes up new employment in order to earn more money.
If a person takes care of it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets trained by a master, he will feel competent.
A person emails others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person hears good news, he will feel relieved.
A person stops to listen in order to hear what others have to say.
If a person remembers to take meds, he gets better as a result.
If a person gets what  wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has plans for the future, he feels good about the future as a result.
If a person enjoys her rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person questions the employer in order to know the employer's motives.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he feels satisfied as a result.
If a person opens a good business, he wants to be a good businessman.
A person is an observer of the scene in order to understand the situation.
A person talks with others in the garden in order to discuss a topic with PersonY.
A person posts to his blog in order to share his experience.
If a person creates a check list, he will feel motivated.
If a person observes the weather, he wants to study the weather.
If a person is in a quarrel, he will feel angry.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he becomes more spiritual as a result.
If a person chills with others, he will feel calm.
A person apologizes to the victim in order to make amends.
A person leaves others a voice mail in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person has caught the thief, he will feel victorious.
A person obtains contact details in order to get in touch with someone.
A person tries to involve in order to be a part of the community.
If a person dances with a friend, he will feel happy.
If a person explains things, he will feel understanding.
If a person enjoys one of others's creations, he will feel happy.
If a person takes her new job seriously, he wants to work more.
If a person works hard to get it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person found the right information, he will feel happy.
If a person seems well informed, he knows a lot of facts as a result.
If a person loves to go on rides, he will feel exhilarated.
If a person becomes anxious, he wants to calm down.
A person tells others what's on his mind in order to be honest.
A person hires a cleaning service in order to have a clean house.
If a person tries to convince others to join her, he will feel determined.
If a person brings others in line, he will feel victorious.
If a person finds the situation a nuisance, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person makes progress, he will feel pleased.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he will feel angry.
If a person gets a good education, he will feel smart.
If a person is hurt by others's insults, he is angry as a result.
If a person takes a new path, he wants to explore new places.
If a person decides to take a walk, he will feel energetic.
A person speaks with others about it in order to tell PersonY about it.
A person attends an air show in order to see the planes.
If a person reads an unusual book, he will feel entertained.
If a person dresses for winter, he will feel cool.
A person seeks public office in order to be a leader.
If a person has a late night out with friends, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person studies the piano, he is able to play the piano as a result.
If a person decides to look for work, he will feel determined.
A person is in the process of writing a book in order to express his ideas.
A person rebuilds something in order to make something better.
If a person plans to take a walk, he will feel energetic.
A person sets out for a long walk in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person realizes that something isn't right, he takes action as a result.
If a person makes love to his wife, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to her home, he will feel at home.
If a person puts on the new dress, he feels pretty as a result.
If a person and others made love, he will feel happy.
A person builds a new system in order to have a good system.
If a person can’t take it any more, he wants to quit.
If a person stays calm in bad situations, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others go on a journey, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person practices juggling, he is good at juggling as a result.
A person attends a meeting with his family in order to keep his family together.
A person talks to his buddy on the phone in order to be in touch with his friend.
If a person and others watch a show, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets hurt in a car accident, he is in pain as a result.
If a person conquers others's empire, he will feel powerful.
If a person prepares for the race, he will feel motivated.
If a person cares about himself, he wants to be healthy.
If a person puts the past behind, he will feel free.
If a person feels that a decision is right, he will feel happy.
If a person has a melt-down, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is in a temper, he wants to yell at someone.
A person writes it down in order to remember it.
If a person is surprised by a present, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes obsessed with it, he wants to know everything about it.
A person hides his reaction in order to keep his composure.
If a person is welcomed into others's home, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is a successful gardener, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a good price, he will feel pleased.
If a person is affected by what others says, he wants to listen to PersonY.
A person starts to improve in order to be successful.
If a person does not like the way others looks, he wants to make PersonY look better.
A person flees from the angry mob in order to avoid a dangerous situation.
A person puts on all his clothes in order to look presentable.
A person organizes the fundraising campaign in order to make a difference.
If a person discovers something of interest to her, he is pleased with her discovery as a result.
If a person buys the goods, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has been going to church, he is more religious as a result.
If a person thanks the person, he will feel pleased.
If a person knows what is required, he completes the task as a result.
A person does his job very well in order to be a good employee.
A person pays attention to something that is going on in order to know what is going on.
If a person is a highly qualified individual, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person finally connects with others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person listens to you while you talk, he is attentive as a result.
If a person and others attend a conference, he and PersonY meet other people as a result.
A person consults a book in order to learn more about a subject.
A person insists on doing that in order to do something that is important to him.
A person confronts her mother in order to understand her mother.
If a person keeps going forward, he will feel motivated.
If a person says yes to new opportunity, he will feel hopeful.
A person encourages others to try again in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person laments his condition, he wants to be well.
If a person solves his problem, he will feel confident.
If a person examines the problem, he will feel curious.
If a person finishes his homework, he will feel accomplished.
If a person's marriage gets better, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to the seaside, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person finds a solid explanation, he will feel reassured.
If a person is real nice, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person makes his own decision, he will feel in control.
A person invites his friends over in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person thinks a lot about what's going on, he will feel curious.
If a person has the handle on others, he will feel confident.
A person volunteers for an organization in order to help people.
If a person gets his throat cut, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person gets into the hot spring, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person goes down to the city in order to explore the city.
If a person is a hero in the team, he will feel confident.
A person offers to hold others’s hand in order to comfort PersonY.
A person takes courses at school in order to learn more.
If a person persuades others to go, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads novels in a hammock, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person manages well, he will feel pleased.
If a person notices something in the corner of the room, he wants to see what it is.
A person wants to know how to fight in order to protect himself.
If a person practices his or her Japanese vocabulary, he wants to learn more Japanese.
If a person spends time on her own, he becomes more independent as a result.
If a person is back in control, he will feel relaxed.
A person tells personY about her expectations in order personY to understand her expectations.
If a person is believed to be honest, he will feel respected.
A person learns to play an instrument in order to be a musician.
A person will take part in the protest in order to show his support for the cause.
If a person flees the house, he wants to be alone.
If a person plans a family outing, he ’s family enjoys the outing as a result.
If a person is fed up with it, he wants to stop.
If a person earns a chance, he will feel happy.
A person visits the farmer in order to help the farmer.
If a person goes to shul, he learns to pray as a result.
If a person reaches the goal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person searches for their target, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a casual talk with others, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
A person learns how to bowl in order to become a better bowler.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a pretty good time, he will feel excited.
If a person works on getting to know others, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person goes for a morning jog, he gets fit as a result.
If a person's knee is broken, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is really cold, he wants to warm up.
If a person begins a workout, he will feel energetic.
A person keeps a schedule in order to be on time.
If a person meets the requirements, he will feel accomplished.
If a person talks to her friend on the phone, he will feel connected.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he will feel content.
If a person regrets some past action, he wants to make amends.
A person continues reading in order to read more.
A person puts on a blouse in order to be dressed appropriately.
If a person learns to do something by heart, he will feel confident.
If a person gets his girlfriend back, he is happy as a result.
If a person improves others's chances, he will feel pleased.
If a person realizes that he might get hurt, he will feel scared.
If a person performs in the community, he is seen as good at public speaking.
If a person visits paradise, he will feel content.
If a person finally returns home, he is reunited with his family as a result.
If a person wears a flashy dress, he will feel pretty.
If a person starts a chat room, he wants to meet new people.
If a person finds a new career, he will feel satisfied.
If a person corrects errors, he will feel satisfied.
A person makes his way to others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person defeats others in chess, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is appointed to a high post, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about the house, he wants to take care of the house.
If a person and others get along well, he will feel comfortable.
A person drives along a highway in order to get to a destination.
A person creates a special occasion for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person practices meditation, he will feel peaceful.
If a person walks around the neighborhood, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person is qualified for the task, he will feel confident.
If a person is hurt by others's criticism, he is angry as a result.
If a person worries about others's intentions, he wants to make sure PersonY is on the up-and-up.
If a person practices being polite, he becomes more polite as a result.
A person gives others a telephone call in order to help PersonY.
If a person expects to get a degree, he will feel confident.
If a person dances with the children, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a special dinner, he will feel content.
If a person argues with a leader, he will feel angry.
If a person gets his own back, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a new purpose, he wants to make a difference.
If a person looks for a good price, he finds a good deal as a result.
If a person is the one who would stand up for that, he will feel confident.
If a person plays a CD, he will feel entertained.
If a person follows a routine, he will feel secure.
A person asks her a question in order to know the answer.
A person has been saving his money in order to be financially secure.
If a person has a successful date, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys a talk with his colleagues, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a game, he wants to play another game.
If a person gets better at reading, he reads more as a result.
A person continues her research in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person prepares to work out, he will feel energetic.
If a person worries about the environment, he wants to do something about it.
If a person makes good on others’s investment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person started caring about others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person tries to save everyone, he will feel determined.
If a person takes an architectural tour, he learns to appreciate architecture as a result.
A person reads others’s article in order to understand PersonY’s article.
If a person wonders about others's honesty, he wants to know the truth.
If a person has a lovely view, he will feel happy.
If a person attended others's concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person sees a great movie, he will feel excited.
If a person cooks a huge meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person overcomes others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person likes to eat, he wants to eat a lot.
If a person finds a peaceful place, he will feel content.
If a person likes physical activity, he gets fit as a result.
If a person is irritated by others's asking, he wants to tell PersonY to stop asking.
If a person is drinking alcohol, he will feel drunk.
If a person is thrown to the ground, he is hurt as a result.
If a person receives a shocking phone call, he will feel frightened.
If a person holds the company responsible, he wants to make the company pay.
If a person stops lying to himself, he is more honest as a result.
If a person takes a rest from the case, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is so helpful, he is thanked by others as a result.
If a person gets offered a promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person wins a new car in the lottery, he is happy as a result.
If a person considers her point, he is still thinking as a result.
If a person has new plans for the future, he will feel motivated.
A person acquires another language in order to learn more.
If a person adopts a new routine, he will feel motivated.
If a person decides to train martial arts, he wants to be a fighter.
A person goes in alone in order to be independent.
If a person goes out to a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person explores the endless possibilities in order to learn new things.
If a person is at a play, he will feel entertained.
If a person outmaneuvers others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person enjoys his free time, he will feel content.
If a person retaliates by persuading others, he will feel in control.
If a person does not accept what happened, he wants to know what happened.
If a person got interested in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person struggles to find the right words, he will feel confused.
If a person cannot understand, he will feel puzzled.
If a person pauses to consider, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person is attacked and injured, he is treated as a result.
If a person learns to respect others, he is more considerate as a result.
If a person gets a lot of paper work done, he will feel motivated.
If a person is made to feel welcome, he is happy as a result.
If a person has bad news for others, he wants to tell PersonY the bad news.
If a person becomes sick with the flu, he will feel miserable.
If a person gets some rest, he feels better as a result.
If a person tries to give an interview, he wants to do well in the interview.
If a person wants to do more, he is more active as a result.
If a person has a gift for others, he wants to share the gift with PersonY.
If a person leaves the army, he wants to be a civilian.
If a person has a wonderful life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is exercising, he will feel energized.
If a person convinces others to come home, he will feel pleased.
A person finally sees a counselor in order to deal with his problems.
If a person builds his character, he wants to be a great character.
If a person jogs in the park, he will feel energetic.
If a person is suddenly clear about something, he feels better as a result.
If a person has had a lot of trouble, he will feel upset.
If a person spends a weekend at the seashore, he will feel relaxed.
If a person's leg is broken, he will feel in pain.
A person makes a list of errands in order to get things done.
A person walks around outside in order to get some fresh air.
If a person has great plans, he will feel determined.
If a person has the opportunity, he wants to use the opportunity.
If a person is learning to play the piano, he becomes a better pianist as a result.
A person buys the art supplies in order to be creative.
If a person considers others a threat, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person is doing the right thing, he will feel happy.
If a person confides in a friend, he will feel comfortable.
A person wants to go home in order to be reunited with his family.
If a person takes care of business, he will feel in control.
If a person discovers something of interest to her, he wants to investigate.
If a person watches a good show, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new pet, he is pleased with his new pet as a result.
If a person is quite faithful to others, he and PersonY are still together as a result.
If a person has a successful business deal, he will feel happy.
If a person works on their relationship, he wants to be closer.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to avoid the same mistakes.
If a person always puts everything back in place, he will feel organized.
A person keeps going to the office in order to keep working.
If a person eats the delicious food, he will feel full.
A person tries to avoid telling others in order to avoid confrontation.
If a person drinks a great deal of wine, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person begins singing again, he will feel pleased.
If a person fights the battle, he wants to be a winner.
If a person performs a random act of kindness, he will feel good.
If a person practices sports, he will feel energetic.
If a person pays off a debt, he will feel satisfied.
If a person worries about people, he wants to help people.
If a person sleeps the night through, he will feel peaceful.
If a person trains intensely, he will feel excited.
If a person meets someone they've wanted to meet, he will feel happy.
A person is training hard in order to be fit.
If a person settles things quickly, he will feel in control.
If a person made a good decision, he will feel proud.
If a person begins thinking about what he should do, he will feel worried.
If a person feels that a person's rights are violated, he wants to make sure that the person's rights are not violated.
If a person arrives to check on others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person takes care of a long-standing problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves, he will feel content.
If a person has a schedule, he will feel organized.
If a person rides his bike to school, he gets exercise as a result.
A person takes others out for a walk in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is always thinking about what to do next, he has a plan as a result.
If a person goes to Mom's house, he gets to spend time with Mom as a result.
If a person practices an art form, he will feel passionate.
A person creates work in order to do something useful.
If a person is growing suspicious, he will feel anxious.
If a person has completed plans, he will feel accomplished.
A person has already asked in order to get what he wants.
A person has a dialogue with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person investigates the burglar, he wants to catch the burglar.
If a person wins the football match, he will feel triumphant.
A person reads the piece in order to understand the article.
If a person takes a class to improve skills, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to be assertive, he will feel strong.
If a person feels unsettled, he wants to feel settled.
If a person enjoys the wind and moon, he will feel relaxed.
A person attends the lecture in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person spends time on the beach, he will feel refreshed.
A person keeps his focus in order to get the job done.
If a person focuses on the drawing, he will feel creative.
If a person enjoys a leisurely stroll, he will feel peaceful.
If a person reacts overreacting, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person takes a stroll in the park, he will feel content.
If a person is full of questions, he wants to know everything.
If a person gets tired of it, he wants to get out of it.
If a person pushes for a win, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to fight for himself, he will feel strong.
If a person has a summer day, he will feel content.
If a person continues the task, he will feel motivated.
A person interviews you in order to learn about you.
If a person cannot continue, he leaves as a result.
If a person takes down the weeds, he will feel accomplished.
If a person puts on the make-up, he looks beautiful as a result.
If a person is always winning, he will feel superior.
A person tries to explain to others in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person discovers an error, he wants to fix the error.
If a person feels more motivated, he wants to do more work.
If a person stays in contact, he will feel close.
If a person undergoes a complete personality change, he is a completely different person as a result.
If a person washes his hands, he feels clean as a result.
A person looks others up on Facebook in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person studies to pass the exam, he passes the exam as a result.
If a person gets upset with her husband, he wants to talk to her husband.
If a person works with animals, he learns to train animals as a result.
If a person has a great time, he will feel joyful.
If a person doesn’t know where to begin, he will feel lost.
If a person meets her goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person regrets her deeds, he wants to undo her actions.
If a person takes an art class, he will feel artistic.
A person tries to confirm others’s suspicions in order to find out the truth.
If a person does not overreact, he is calm as a result.
If a person hits his mark, he will feel accomplished.
A person meets with others in private in order to have a private conversation.
If a person helps personY on the job, he is seen as a good worker.
If a person practices Kung Fu, he is good at Kung Fu as a result.
If a person learns a new dance, he is better at dancing as a result.
A person keeps the library open after work in order to be available to the community.
A person practices a lot to get better in order to be the best.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he is frightened as a result.
A person tries to stop the progress in order to keep the status quo.
If a person has bought a new car, he is pleased with his new car as a result.
If a person weighs the evidence, he wants to know what the evidence says.
A person sits at others's bedside in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person's favorite singer visits town, he goes to see the singer as a result.
If a person starts a good company, he will feel confident.
A person passes on information in order to help people.
If a person tries to sing along, he learns to sing as a result.
If a person learns how to meet needs, he is able to be independent as a result.
If a person dances at the nightclub, he will feel excited.
If a person struggles to make ends meet, he will feel stressed.
If a person turns over new leaf, he will feel motivated.
If a person spends the afternoon studying, he will feel productive.
If a person notices something unsettling, he will feel concerned.
A person reaches out to a friend in order to be close to a friend.
If a person keeps the party going, he will feel excited.
If a person likes to move a lot, he will feel energized.
If a person gets a business idea, he will feel excited.
A person goes to an art exhibit in order to see a new work of art.
If a person gets a thrill out of it, he wants to do it again.
If a person dresses to the nines, he feels great as a result.
If a person hears a bad news, he will feel upset.
A person visits her friends in order to spend time with her friends.
If a person carries out a mission, he will feel motivated.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he understands the material as a result.
A person learns to speak Dutch in order to be fluent in Dutch.
If a person accepts the job, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to be extra careful in order to avoid an accident.
A person has a party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person takes a spiritual journey, he will feel inspired.
If a person starts to get a grip, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person takes up new employment, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks about finances, he will feel concerned.
If a person has regained the control, he will feel calm.
If a person got a good price for his house, he will feel happy.
A person exercises in the morning in order to be healthy.
If a person reads about inner calm, he wants to feel calm.
If a person is a righteous citizen, he is an active member of the community as a result.
If a person overcomes the obstacles, he will feel victorious.
If a person grows to maturity, he will feel confident.
If a person learns a new dance, he will feel happy.
If a person heads out on the town, he will feel happy.
A person takes a longer vacation in order to have more time to relax.
A person takes his bike out in order to be outdoors.
If a person knows someone who is in the hospital, he will feel concerned.
A person is learning a foreign language in order to improve her communication skills.
If a person can’t deal with others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person fills the bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is gregarious, he makes friends as a result.
If a person makes a date for the next day, he is happy as a result.
If a person obtains contact details, he wants to call.
If a person is learning new skills, he will feel competent.
If a person takes a trip to the beach, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person gets the Job, he will feel satisfied.
A person makes an early start in order to be on time.
If a person regrets telling lies, he wants to tell the truth.
A person keeps an appointment in order to keep a promise.
If a person visits all his friends, he gets to know his friends better as a result.
A person puts his life back together in order to be able to move on.
A person went down the path and not the street in order to avoid the road.
If a person has a vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a creative idea, he wants to work on his idea.
If a person puts a plan in motion, he wants to see it through.
If a person realizes he did something wrong, he wants to apologize.
If a person starts exercising, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets supplies, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person investigates the situation, he is seen as thorough.
If a person and others rent a video, he will feel entertained.
If a person has another cup of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets a positive result, he will feel proud.
If a person uses her powers for good, he saves the day as a result.
If a person worries about others’s appearance, he wants to make PersonY look good.
If a person works for a living, he will feel productive.
If a person had a bad experience, he will feel upset.
If a person seems to have a plan, he will feel confident.
If a person and others are watching a movie, he and PersonY are having a good time as a result.
If a person is taking a shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is annoyed by noise, he wants to get away from the noise.
If a person, on his own, enjoys something, he wants to do it again.
If a person regrets having quarreled, he wants to make up.
If a person realizes the gravity of the situation, he will feel alarmed.
If a person discovers a new way, he will feel satisfied.
If a person breaks his ankle, he will feel in pain.
If a person reconciles with her mother, he will feel relieved.
A person bathes himself in order to feel clean.
If a person gets encouragement from others, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes jogging, he gets fit as a result.
If a person successfully submits the review, he will feel happy.
A person does something about it in order to make a change.
A person avoids the spotlight in order to be anonymous.
If a person and others start to play, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person wants to get others alone, he is able to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person was appointed leader, he has more responsibilities as a result.
A person begins an investigation in order to learn more about the mysterious case.
If a person goes up in flames, he is severely burned as a result.
A person tries to hide her reactions in order to avoid embarrassing herself.
If a person plans a trap, he will feel clever.
If a person signs up for a new class, he will feel excited.
If a person watches some television, he is entertained as a result.
If a person and others are in a fight, he will feel angry.
A person lies down in bed in order to rest.
If a person gets his act together, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is successful in business, he will feel happy.
A person talks to others again in order to see PersonY again.
A person sends the first message in order to communicate with other people.
If a person had a good conversation, he will feel happy.
If a person is sweet to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
A person attends a peace conference in order to bring peace to the world.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he will feel excited.
If a person made a welcome speech, he was appreciated by the class as a result.
If a person eats a restaurant meal, he will feel full.
If a person made a big profit, he will feel pleased.
If a person expends a great deal of energy, he is tired as a result.
If a person makes a special effort, he will feel pleased.
A person always does his homework in order to be good at school.
If a person takes care of some tidying up, he will feel tidy.
If a person goes on a beach vacation, he enjoys the beach as a result.
A person puts in the work in order to get ahead.
If a person tries to do something nice, he will feel good.
If a person gets a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person has done his homework, he will feel happy.
If a person has an exceptional meal, he will feel content.
If a person is sensitive to others's mood, he wants to make PersonY happy.
A person takes his dog to the vet in order to make sure his dog is healthy.
If a person regrets an action, he wants to do better.
A person makes sure that others learns well in order PersonY to succeed.
A person likes to practice karate in order to be a good karate fighter.
If a person begins to work out at the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person examines something strange, he wants to investigate.
A person spends more time at work in order to be more productive.
If a person experiences prosperity, he is happy as a result.
If a person loses patience with others, he wants to fight PersonY.
If a person wants to be a good citizen, he wants to pay his taxes.
If a person begins cleaning, he wants to keep cleaning.
A person attends the school meeting in order to be part of the school.
If a person comes to an understanding, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has done the job, he will feel accomplished.
A person carries on his own operations in order to run his own business.
A person tries to handle the situation in order to be in control.
If a person admires the courage of others, he will feel inspired.
If a person has been attacked by a special military unit, he is injured as a result.
A person dodges a punch in order to avoid an injury.
If a person and others work out, he and PersonY are fit as a result.
If a person dresses to the nines, he will feel sexy.
If a person conquers a drug habit, he will feel triumphant.
If a person lives a drama-free life, he will feel peaceful.
If a person rests a while, he will feel content.
If a person puts on a dress, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person is a success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fixes things, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads scripture, he is more religious as a result.
If a person thinks over what to do, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person reads the user guide, he wants to know how to use the product.
A person looks after his welfare in order to live a healthy life.
If a person drinks a glass of wine, he is intoxicated as a result.
If a person suffers from others's lie, he will feel sad.
A person serves as mediator in order to be a peacemaker.
If a person talks through his problems, he gets over his problems as a result.
If a person puts on the make-up, he will feel beautiful.
If a person has a hearty breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person has questions about the clothes, he wants to see the clothes.
If a person wonders if others was telling the truth, he wants to know the truth.
If a person sets out on the journey, he will feel determined.
If a person reads all about it, he gets the facts as a result.
A person pays a call on others in order to ask PersonY a question.
If a person studies for the test, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes a nice snack, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes too many pain killers, he wants to get off pain killers.
If a person reads with pleasure, he wants to read more.
If a person reads a piece of literature, he will feel interested.
If a person goes to church on Easter, he will feel spiritual.
If a person has found a new hobby, he is happy as a result.
If a person talks about the dream, he wants to remember the dream.
A person sits down, for a change in order to be more relaxed.
If a person and others exchange a drink, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
If a person buys new pants, he is pleased with his new pants as a result.
If a person is looking for change, he wants to find a job.
If a person claims the prize, he will feel triumphant.
If a person senses some danger, he wants to be careful.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel impressed.
If a person gets the ransom money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person seems to have succeeded, he will feel happy.
If a person is paid a compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person is offered another job, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets flu, he will feel miserable.
If a person hears about a job opening, he will feel hopeful.
If a person digs himself deeper, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person wins a fight with others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person knocks on others's door, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person thinks about the good things in life, he will feel happy.
If a person succeeds in law school, he will feel confident.
A person tells others of his success in order to share his success with PersonY.
If a person questions the world, he wants to find answers.
A person changes the way he uses it in order to make the best use of it.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he will feel calm.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he gets angry as a result.
If a person considers the other person’s needs, he will feel sympathetic.
A person tries to understand ObjectZ in order to learn.
A person confronts others's superior in order to learn more about PersonY's superior.
If a person is a strong man, he will feel confident.
A person digs deep in order to get to the bottom of a problem.
If a person talks for a while, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person begins training in his new job, he will feel challenged.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he will feel peaceful.
If a person dials others's phone number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person makes his wish come true, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads an article in the newspaper, he will feel curious.
If a person wore an old coat, he will feel warm.
If a person admires the painting, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to do this every year, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is filled with rage, he is unable to control his anger as a result.
A person makes plans to go on a cruise in order to relax.
If a person has his truck stolen, he wants to get his truck back.
A person and others buy a new house in order to live in a nice house.
If a person eventually gets fed up, he wants to give up.
If a person is calm and rational, he will feel secure.
If a person finds out the bad news, he is upset as a result.
If a person starts to write others a letter, he wants to tell PersonY how he feels.
If a person gets into a heated argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person starts taking medication, he feels better as a result.
A person lives on his own in order to be independent.
If a person reads about the event, he is interested in the event as a result.
If a person gets involved in the investigation, he will feel important.
If a person passes a fun evening, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person stands up to the principal, he will feel brave.
If a person’s marriage improves, he will feel happy.
A person is a dedicated student in order to get good grades.
If a person reads interesting books, he will feel curious.
If a person went out to have a drink, he got drunk as a result.
If a person accepts an offer from others, he wants to stay with PersonY.
A person stops others from being raped in order to protect PersonY.
If a person and others talk about changes, he wants to change.
If a person is not feeling well, he will feel miserable.
If a person achieves her dream, he will feel content.
If a person gets a lot of work done, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to a good restaurant in order to have a good time.
If a person has a gut feeling, he wants to go with his gut.
If a person solves his problem, he will feel successful.
If a person organizes work schedule, he will feel productive.
If a person reaches her goals, he will feel happy.
If a person is active in the community, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a new instrument, he wants to play that instrument.
If a person becomes unable to do something, he will feel helpless.
If a person practices many times, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person agrees to a suggestion, he will feel satisfied.
A person walks to others's in order to see PersonY.
If a person has had an accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person notices there's something wrong, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person learns a new game, he wants to play the game.
If a person is studying hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person accepts others's help, he will feel supported.
If a person gets a lot of work done, he will feel accomplished.
A person works hard in order to be good at something.
If a person gathers some info, he will feel interested.
A person starts on the job in order to be useful.
A person serves in the war in order to serve his country.
A person looks for a different job in order to get a better job.
A person is making progress in order to improve.
If a person becomes the commander of the military, he will feel powerful.
A person goes to an adult's party in order to be with other adults.
If a person keeps on going, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds a good use for it, he will feel good.
If a person begins to do better, he will feel confident.
If a person keeps his head up, he will feel strong.
If a person washes his hair, he will feel clean.
A person takes care of pets in order to help the animals.
A person went on a driving trip in order to get away from the house.
If a person likes watching others, he wants to watch PersonY more.
If a person takes out a toy, he wants to play with the toy.
If a person takes up gardening, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps everything in balance, he will feel calm.
If a person shares others's concerns, he will feel sympathetic.
If a person decides to enroll in university, he will feel happy.
If a person and others have good chemistry, he will feel content.
If a person learns to watch the basketball game, he will feel entertained.
A person continues the task in order to complete the task.
If a person earns enough money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person made a promise, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person continues to grow, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a lot of attention, he is popular as a result.
If a person worries about getting shot, he wants to not get shot.
If a person takes action to stop others, he will feel in control.
A person manages to change in order to be a better person.
If a person tries to make sense of the question, he wants to figure out the answer.
If a person continues his studies, he will feel motivated.
A person participates in a demonstration in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person opens up a little more, he feels more comfortable as a result.
If a person enjoys free time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person attempts to save others, he will feel determined.
If a person discusses justice, he wants to see justice done.
If a person explores a hobby, he will feel happy.
A person goes out for the night in order to enjoy himself.
If a person does not know where to begin, he will feel confused.
If a person received a promise, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds a good person, he will feel satisfied.
If a person recalls a childhood memory, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person turns around to look at a sound, he wants to see what made the sound.
If a person starts to question his job, he will feel worried.
A person drives to her cousin’s wedding in order to be there for her cousin.
If a person takes a bubble bath, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person tries to understand life, he will feel thoughtful.
A person thinks and acts for himself in order to be self sufficient.
A person and others both attend a course in order to learn and PersonY wants to learn.
If a person attends a class, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person reads aloud from a book, he will feel entertained.
A person explores new friends in order to be a part of a new group.
If a person enjoys a hot meal, he will feel content.
If a person and others play with the doll, he will feel playful.
If a person eats a hearty breakfast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is doing a financial transaction, he wants to make a profit.
If a person gets others's approval, he will feel pleased.
If a person addresses others's problems, he helps PersonY to solve his problems as a result.
If a person picks up the pace, he will feel in control.
If a person and others have a nice time, he will feel happy.
If a person has a lot of experience, he will feel skilled.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to change his behavior.
If a person cares about living beings, he wants to help people.
A person tells others about his dog in order to show PersonY his dog.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he will feel happy.
If a person takes pity on others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person is a victim of an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person plays with paint, he will feel artistic.
If a person is wrapped up in the blankets, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person convinces others to let her go, he will feel successful.
If a person receives kindness from others, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
A person practices soccer in order to be a good soccer player.
A person pours herself a glass of water in order to be hydrated.
If a person is crazy about someone, he wants to be with her.
If a person suffers a head injury, he will feel in pain.
A person is busy in the office in order to get work done.
If a person attempts a new technique, he wants to do better.
If a person and others have had fun, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts a plan in motion, he will feel organized.
If a person is a role model, he is liked by her peers as a result.
A person reads others’s manuscript in order to know what PersonY is writing.
If a person is feeling out of place, he will feel unhappy.
If a person builds on the relationship, he will feel satisfied.
If a person spends time in prayer, he will feel peaceful.
A person makes food from scratch in order to be a good cook.
If a person conquers others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person learns to find an answer, he is able to solve the problem as a result.
If a person finally settles the score, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to understand life, he wants to learn more.
If a person works for a charity, he will feel helpful.
A person practices hockey in order to be a good hockey player.
If a person goes with others to the morgue, he wants to see the body.
If a person is shown the way, he will feel encouraged.
If a person adopts a new hobby, he wants to learn more about it.
A person raises the question in order to find out the truth.
If a person travels for vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person spreads it all around, he will feel happy.
A person helps out at the animal shelter in order to help animals.
A person suggests seeking counseling in order to talk about his feelings.
If a person interviews people, he is seen as a good interviewer.
If a person has a weight problem, he wants to lose weight.
If a person settles down to work, he has a stable job as a result.
If a person hates the neighbor, he wants to get rid of the neighbor.
A person takes lessons in a foreign language in order to improve her language skills.
If a person tries to find out more, he gets more information as a result.
If a person decides to do homework, he finishes his homework as a result.
If a person hunts for the money, he will feel determined.
If a person fixes things, he will feel confident.
If a person feels a strong dislike for others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person speaks out for the victim, he will feel courageous.
If a person regrets his or her behavior, he wants to do better.
A person works it out in order to solve the problem.
If a person takes courses at school, he will feel prepared.
If a person is over-committed, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person is swayed by others's words, he wants to trust PersonY.
A person tries to involve in order to be a part of the group.
If a person regards something as a nuisance, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person tries to explain his actions, he wants to be understood.
If a person feels that someone is looking at her, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person enjoys the ride, he wants to ride again.
If a person reads an article, he will feel curious.
A person dropped by his friend’s house in order to meet his friend.
If a person suspects that the photograph has been tampered with, he wants to check the photograph.
If a person gets confused, he wants to understand.
If a person chooses to spend time with others, he gets closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person is in a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person is subject to great pressures, he will feel tense.
If a person doesn't know where to go, he will feel confused.
If a person and others make a trip to go camping, he and PersonY make a good time as a result.
A person organizes his stuff in order to be tidy.
If a person claims victory, he will feel happy.
If a person is a member of a church, he will feel connected.
A person brings others to a political rally in order to show PersonY that PersonX is politically active.
If a person visits a chat room, he wants to talk to people.
If a person learns to play piano, he enjoys playing the piano as a result.
If a person objects to the policy, he wants to change the policy.
A person tries to read in order to improve her reading skills.
If a person has a plan for every eventuality, he will feel organized.
If a person catches others's mistake, he corrects PersonY as a result.
If a person joins the protest, he will feel motivated.
If a person is suspicious of cheating, he wants to find out who is cheating.
If a person eats some meat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person pays attention to a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
A person tries to reach in order to communicate with others.
If a person returns to her hometown, he wants to see her family.
A person launches the rescue operation in order to save the children.
If a person thinks about a serious problem, he wants to do something about it.
If a person agrees to get married, he will feel happy.
A person sets sail in order to explore the world.
If a person is successful in an event, he is happy as a result.
A person tries on her ring in order to feel the ring on her finger.
If a person learns to have fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets advice from a friend, he will feel supported.
If a person sees new possibilities, he wants to try new things.
If a person enjoys time with friends, he will feel relaxed.
If a person shares his or her plans for the future, he will feel optimistic.
A person writes to some friends in order to be in touch with friends.
If a person is running late for something, he wants to be on time.
If a person celebrates with a wedding, he and his wife are happy as a result.
If a person prepares for the adventure, he will feel excited.
If a person finds himself a wife, he will feel happy.
If a person grows food, he is able to feed himself as a result.
A person studies one hour every day in order to be better at school.
If a person has been hurting, he wants to stop hurting.
A person is at a supermarket in order to buy food.
A person takes a driver's test in order to be able to drive.
If a person and others go to the bakery, he and PersonY buy some pastries as a result.
If a person undergoes therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person holds his ground, he will feel strong.
If a person is liked by his friends, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys alone time, he will feel peaceful.
A person is a full time student in order to complete his education.
A person speaks freely in order to share his ideas.
A person puts in the time in order to make the most of his time.
A person organizes personY’s presentation in order to make personY look good.
If a person has a sore back, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person has had the courage to fight, he wants to win.
If a person walks around the house, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person feels sympathetic to others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person participates in a tradition, he learns about culture as a result.
If a person is a successful lawyer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is interested in what happened, he learns more about the event as a result.
If a person worries that they are being followed, he gets paranoid as a result.
If a person takes extra precautions, he will feel safe.
If a person does a mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person enjoys a soak in the tub, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person is involved in the group’s conversation, he will feel a part of the group.
A person meets deadlines in order to be efficient.
If a person realizes a goal, he will feel pleased.
If a person hires person Z, he is happy with Z as a result.
If a person enjoys a hike, he will feel content.
A person writes letters to everyone in order to let everyone know how he feels.
If a person drinks a bottle of water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person does his exercises, he will feel fit.
A person calls Paul in order to be able to talk to Paul.
If a person has a lot of joy, he wants to have fun.
If a person exchanges information, he will feel helpful.
If a person paints a good picture, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good business plan, he will feel confident.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person does what others asks, he will feel obedient.
If a person comes up with a new idea, he wants to work on his idea.
If a person presents a paper at the conference, he is seen as competent.
A person continues talking to others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person works on the home computer in order to learn how to use the computer.
If a person goes clothes shopping, he wants to buy a new wardrobe.
If a person thinks someone is insulting him, he wants to defend himself.
If a person and others have good chemistry, he will feel happy.
A person looks up information in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person is thrown a party, he will feel happy.
If a person shakes hands with everyone, he will feel polite.
A person asks others to share an opinion in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person lives up to others's expectation, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person wants a better job, he wants to get a promotion.
A person pays attention to the speaker in order to understand the speaker.
If a person reads numerous books, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person continues his adventure in order to be independent.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person decides to put his feet up, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person tries to explain it to others in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person spends an afternoon in the mountains, he enjoys the mountains as a result.
A person moves out of the country in order to be independent.
If a person found the right information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person realises that others is getting better, he is pleased with PersonY’ progress as a result.
A person takes care of the paperwork in order to get the job done.
If a person regrets a previous event, he wants to do things differently.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he will feel happy.
A person works hard at others’s job in order to be a good employee.
If a person is interested in the subject, he wants to study the subject.
If a person takes pride in his handiwork, he wants to do more handiwork.
If a person performs a striptease for others, he is complimented by PersonY as a result.
A person studies tapes of others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person calls others for information, he gets information as a result.
If a person experiences true love, he will feel joyful.
A person reads the e-mail in order to find out what the e-mail says.
If a person becomes a leader, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person says hello to someone on the street, he will feel polite.
A person listens to others's thoughts in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person is unable to bear this, he cries as a result.
If a person learns to defend herself, he will feel confident.
If a person has a new goal, he is motivated to achieve it as a result.
A person takes care of Tyler in order to make Tyler happy.
If a person eats a healthful lunch, he will feel happy.
If a person searches the Web for information, he wants to read more.
If a person thinks about it some more, he will feel concerned.
If a person visits her relatives, he gets to know her relatives as a result.
If a person's life changes for the better, he feels better about himself as a result.
A person re-reads the manual in order to understand the task.
If a person helps at the soup kitchen, he will feel helpful.
A person called others back in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person feels that others is trying to kill him, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person has suffered through it, he is miserable as a result.
If a person sees an opening, he wants to jump on the opportunity.
If a person attends a seminar on marketing, he will feel interested.
If a person has a terrible day, he will feel frustrated.
A person arranges for a burial in order to give a proper burial.
If a person is impressed with others's thinking, he will feel inspired.
If a person has a claim against others, he wants to see PersonY in court.
If a person is elated, he wants to celebrate.
If a person has a fun evening, he will feel satisfied.
If a person cares about animals, he wants to help animals.
A person takes cat to veterinarian in order to make sure the cat is healthy.
If a person watches TV in the break room, he will feel entertained.
A person tells about his day in order to share his day with others.
If a person faces the threat of losing others, he wants to win PersonY back.
A person tells others to write a research paper in order PersonY to be productive.
If a person does not like to follow the crowd, he has his own ideas as a result.
If a person goes for a holiday, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person finds an explanation, he will feel enlightened.
If a person prepares a special party, he will feel excited.
If a person wears make-up, he will feel beautiful.
If a person saw something terrible happen, he is upset as a result.
If a person thanks others, he will feel happy.
A person reads attentively in order to learn.
If a person trains hard, he is seen as a good athlete.
If a person studies karate, he gets good at karate as a result.
If a person doesn't get enough to eat, he will feel hungry.
If a person is a hardworking individual, he will feel accomplished.
If a person wins others over, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks a policeman for directions, he is told where to go as a result.
If a person organizes his house, he has a clean house as a result.
If a person has turned his life around, he will feel hopeful.
If a person was burned badly, he is in pain as a result.
A person goes by the car dealership in order to check out the car.
If a person selects a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person explains the problems, he is seen as logical.
A person lets personY in on it in order to share his experience.
If a person practices day in and day out, he will feel motivated.
A person agrees to speak in order to be able to talk to the person.
If a person revives the ancient martial art, he will feel inspired.
If a person has been given everything he needs, he is content as a result.
If a person defuses the bomb, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is walking around, he will feel energetic.
If a person stays home and takes a nap, he gets a good night’s sleep as a result.
If a person promises to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person helps out some friends, he will feel useful.
If a person enjoys others's good mood, he will feel happy.
If a person senses a plot, he wants to see the plot.
If a person has done some cooking, he wants to eat some of the food.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he will feel encouraged.
If a person hangs out with other people, he gets more friends as a result.
If a person has the last laugh, he will feel triumphant.
If a person tries an experimental treatment, he wants to try a different treatment.
If a person is losing his temper, he wants to control his temper.
If a person learns about her mother, he wants to know more about her mother.
If a person prepares some plan, he will feel in control.
A person fills out form in order to complete a task.
If a person regrets others's departure, he wants to get PersonY back.
If a person is a master negotiator, he will feel confident.
A person goes on a trip to the city in order to explore the city.
If a person and others ate breakfast, he and PersonY feel full as a result.
If a person and others grow closer, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets a new drink, he will feel refreshed.
If a person buys a DVD, he will feel entertained.
If a person considers others's point of view, he understands PersonY's point of view as a result.
If a person made a big profit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does something to help someone, he will feel helpful.
If a person meets a comedian, he will feel entertained.
If a person cares a lot about others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets puzzled, he wants to figure out the puzzle.
A person tells others to think for himself in order PersonY to be more independent.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he will feel confident.
If a person has a walk on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person picks up the trail, he will feel focused.
A person would like to talk with others in order to get advice from PersonY.
A person invites her ex-husband for dinner in order to reconcile with her ex-husband.
If a person makes her own wishes prevail, he will feel successful.
If a person enjoys a sunny afternoon, he will feel relaxed.
If a person holds a grudge against others, he wants to make PersonY feel bad.
If a person discovers a silver lining, he feels happy as a result.
If a person buys another car, he will feel pleased.
If a person is overburdened with debt, he is unable to pay his bills as a result.
If a person objects to others's behavior, he wants to stop PersonY from acting out.
If a person offers himself to God, he wants to do what God wants.
If a person tries to raise money for others, he will feel determined.
If a person visits another state, he learns about the state as a result.
If a person looks into a new computer, he will feel interested.
If a person takes over the chairmanship, he will feel powerful.
If a person does it well, he will feel good.
If a person wears a nice suit, he will feel elegant.
If a person realizes she has made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person fears or feels threatened, he becomes anxious as a result.
A person looks into their soul in order to know what is going on inside of them.
If a person admires it, he wants to have it.
If a person gets the part, he will feel happy.
If a person plays in the garden, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to a public talk by Professor Y, he will feel interested.
If a person tries to be a good citizen, he will feel good.
If a person practices love, he will feel happy.
If a person takes care of things, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks he's being followed, he feels paranoid as a result.
If a person does something to help someone, he will feel good.
If a person is moved by others’s words, he will feel encouraged.
If a person enjoys a private conversation with others, he will feel happy.
If a person stops for a moment to rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person decides to get up early in order to be productive.
If a person wins two gold medals, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies for school, he will feel focused.
If a person participates in family traditions, he enjoys his family as a result.
A person asks to be excused in order to be alone.
A person visits an artist's studio in order to see the artist's work.
If a person tries to have a good time, he will feel happy.
A person asks others to repeat themselves in order to hear PersonY's point of view.
If a person insists on physical fitness, he gets fit as a result.
If a person’s favorite TV show comes on, he will feel content.
If a person becomes very busy, he will feel stressed.
If a person resolves his thoughts, he will feel calm.
If a person gets in shape, he will feel pleased.
A person takes up new employment in order to make more money.
If a person hires a trainer, he wants to get in shape.
If a person gets better at waiting, he will feel patient.
A person is about to run away in order to be independent.
A person and others test the new technology in order to see if the technology works.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he becomes more relaxed as a result.
If a person spends an evening at the movies, he is entertained as a result.
If a person contemplates what they would say to others, he wants to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person thinks that others is thinking, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person works on an environmental project, he learns about ecology as a result.
A person joins an activist group in order to help others.
If a person attends Mass, he will feel spiritual.
If a person dresses up for a play, he will feel beautiful.
If a person talks to a sympathetic ear, he will feel listened to.
A person takes a math class in order to improve her math skills.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person tries on different hats, he wants to wear a different hat.
If a person has been given everything he needs, he will feel satisfied.
A person teaches the children at home in order to help the children.
A person registers to vote in order to be part of the political process.
If a person is struggling, he will feel discouraged.
If a person faces loss, he is upset as a result.
If a person invests some time in that endeavor, he will feel motivated.
If a person is spending time with his friends, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes care of self, he will feel confident.
If a person makes a wonderful discovery, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets hot and bothered, he wants to cool down.
If a person and others laugh at the dinner table, he will feel joyful.
A person plays with others’s kids in order to spend time with PersonY’s kids.
A person drives around the neighborhood in order to get to know the neighborhood.
A person moves around a lot in order to keep moving.
If a person discovers a new sport, he wants to play the sport.
If a person suffers at the hands of others, he is upset as a result.
A person writes thank-you letters in order to be appreciated.
If a person has a creative idea, he will feel excited.
If a person swears a sacred oath, he wants to keep his oath.
If a person has a positive first date, he will feel happy.
If a person comes to regret it, he is ashamed as a result.
If a person has faith in his decision, he will feel calm.
A person submits a resume in order to be successful.
If a person wakes up on a bright morning, he will feel refreshed.
If a person looks for some more information, he gets some information as a result.
If a person takes up a sport, he will feel fit.
If a person thinks about her friends, he wants to be with her friends.
If a person takes up a new cause, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person must avoid the unexpected, he wants to be prepared.
If a person was given some good advice, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a soul mate, he will feel content.
If a person visits personY’s parents, he gets to know personY’s parents as a result.
If a person learns to play an instrument, he becomes a musician as a result.
If a person prefers to do things on his own, he will feel free.
If a person needs to analyze the situation, he wants to get more information.
If a person goes through the process of being a musician, he wants to be a professional musician.
If a person meets a nice woman, he will feel happy.
If a person attends a therapy session, he wants to get better.
If a person is worried about his father, he wants to help his father.
If a person enjoyed another trip to the cinema, he will feel content.
A person gets up early to bake muffins in order to have a fresh batch of muffins.
If a person plans a surprise for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person travels all over the world, he has many adventures as a result.
If a person goes sailing with others, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person takes care of themselves, he will feel self-confident.
If a person falls into a cave, he is injured as a result.
If a person got a better offer, he wants to get a better job.
A person visits the doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person goes to church regularly, he wants to be a good person.
If a person dates lots of people, he has a lot of sex as a result.
If a person succeeds in his quest, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets everything she wants, he will feel content.
If a person reads online, he will feel entertained.
A person stops others's arrest in order to save PersonY.
If a person carries on an interesting conversation, he wants to continue the conversation.
If a person explains about the whole affair, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person subscribes to a newsletter, he will feel informed.
If a person starts to fall in love, he wants to be with his girlfriend.
If a person is elected as the ruler, he will feel powerful.
A person tries to break up the fight in order to avoid violence.
A person sets out to explain her ideas in order to be understood.
If a person takes a stroll in the park, he will feel relaxed.
If a person learns about honesty, he wants to be honest.
If a person gets on the same train as others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person is ashamed of his behavior, he wants to change.
If a person has been taken seriously, he will feel valued.
A person gets right to the point in order to be direct.
If a person fights the battle, he wants to win the battle.
If a person lands the bill, he will feel triumphant.
A person moves on the street in order to be independent.
If a person wants to grow the business, he increases the sales as a result.
If a person is sick and feels cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person reaches a new level of understanding, he is satisfied as a result.
A person takes a look at the object in order to see what the object is.
If a person becomes the leader of the gang, he will feel important.
A person works extra hard in order to earn more money.
If a person attends a peace conference, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person plays with the doll, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns to use power tools, he is skilled at using power tools as a result.
If a person smells a stench, he will feel disgusted.
If a person plans his trip, he will feel organized.
If a person gets married, he is happy as a result.
If a person drinks some alcohol, he is drunk as a result.
If a person and others stroll along the street, he wants to get some exercise.
A person does right by others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person holds a fund-raiser in order to raise money for a charity.
If a person is a grown man, he is a responsible adult as a result.
If a person gets a hug from others, he will feel loved.
If a person commits the sin, he will feel ashamed.
If a person is told by others to be careful, he is cautious as a result.
If a person worries about his friends, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person has fun with others's children, he will feel pleased.
A person applies to a college in order to get a degree.
If a person gets the right idea, he will feel pleased.
A person cleans the room in order to make the room look nice.
If a person spots something suspicious, he investigates as a result.
If a person changes his life, he wants to be a better person.
If a person expresses frustration, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets his story published, he is pleased as a result.
If a person will show others the time of his life, he will feel confident.
If a person chooses to relax, he will feel happy.
If a person is taken for a walk by others, he will feel cared for.
If a person considers others's opinion valuable, he listens to PersonY as a result.
If a person sits by the fire, he is warm as a result.
A person goes to the prison to visit others in order to help PersonY.
If a person receives the goods, he will feel pleased.
A person wants to work part-time in order to be more flexible.
If a person becomes aware of something, he will feel interested.
If a person visits a cabaret, he will feel stimulated.
If a person follows the news, he will feel curious.
If a person showers at home, he is cleaner as a result.
If a person buys his friend a gift, he will feel good.
A person becomes more peaceful in order to live in harmony.
If a person goes out for pizza, he will feel satisfied.
A person leaves her room in order to explore the outside world.
If a person receives a bouquet of flowers, he will feel happy.
If a person considers the rules, he plays by the rules as a result.
If a person's wife leaves him, he is single as a result.
A person sets out again in order to go on a journey.
A person spends time with his friends in order to be social.
A person does his duty in order to be a good citizen.
A person fills the birdfeeder in order to provide food for the birds.
If a person gives the best example, he will feel proud.
If a person and others meet a deadline, he will feel accomplished.
If a person looks out at the scene, he will feel curious.
If a person comes to understand something, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to make money, he wants to get a job.
If a person watches the breaking news, he wants to know what's going on.
A person touches her husband in order to comfort her husband.
If a person stops by to visit others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person enjoys playing soccer, he wants to play more soccer.
If a person thinks that a new person is not desirable, he wants to get rid of the new person.
If a person solves his problem, he will feel pleased.
A person gets on the computer in order to surf the internet.
If a person takes it to the next level, he will feel confident.
A person makes others go all the way in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person behaves more calmly, he will feel more relaxed.
If a person has an excellent idea, he will feel pleased.
A person is on the phone with her dad in order to talk to her dad.
If a person takes part in a celebration, he feels a sense of achievement as a result.
If a person watches an old movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person lands a great job, he will feel excited.
If a person realizes that he might get hurt, he wants to avoid injury.
A person talks with his mom in order to be able to talk to his mom.
A person keeps out of sight in order to avoid people.
If a person decides to take on the task, he will feel capable.
If a person takes a step forward, he will feel hopeful.
If a person goes clothes shopping, he will feel stylish.
If a person drinks some soda, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is getting older, he will feel old.
If a person gets more practice, he will feel good.
If a person has a new hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person tries to stay out of trouble, he does not get in trouble as a result.
If a person checks in to the hotel, he will feel comfortable.
If a person watches a great film, he will feel enthralled.
If a person thanks others for helping him, he is happy as a result.
If a person constructs a theory, he wants to prove it.
A person works hard on a project in order to finish the project.
If a person enjoys an early dinner, he will feel full.
If a person is attacked by a dog, he is injured as a result.
A person's fishing plan succeeds in order to have a good catch.
If a person finally gets what he or she wants, he will feel pleased.
If a person puts on music, he will feel excited.
A person begins to share others's pain in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person doesn't go on a spree, he is able to stay in control as a result.
If a person performs in the community, he gets praise from the community as a result.
If a person sets out for a journey, he will feel excited.
If a person feels she is being watched, he feels paranoid as a result.
If a person tries some fresh fruit, he wants to eat fresh fruit.
If a person asks questions of others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person puts his arms around others, he will feel loving.
If a person buys a doll, he is pleased with the doll as a result.
If a person speaks with a smile, he will feel content.
A person investigates corruption in order to find out the truth.
If a person suddenly remembers to be nice, he will feel good.
If a person makes plans for the day, he will feel organized.
If a person shows off his dance skill, he will feel graceful.
If a person spends the night out, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person thinks ahead of time, he will feel prepared.
If a person cooks with fresh ingredients, he has a good meal as a result.
If a person approaches a group of people, he wants to talk to them.
If a person follows others on Twitter, he receives PersonY’s updates as a result.
If a person is performing community service, he will feel good.
If a person considers his moral responsibility, he makes a decision as a result.
A person brings others to a movie in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person offers a prayer of thanksgiving, he feels better as a result.
If a person gets close to his mother, he wants to spend more time with his mother.
If a person is given information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person becomes leader of a gang, he will feel important.
If a person owns up to the mistake, he wants to apologize.
If a person has 'had it' with others, he is no longer friends with PersonY as a result.
A person studies English in Japan in order to improve his English.
If a person realizes that others has saved the day, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person finds a new path, he wants to explore.
A person tries to open the box in order to know what is inside.
If a person celebrates a holiday with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person has security measures installed, he will feel safe.
If a person has no idea what to do, he will feel lost.
If a person dresses with gusto, he will feel sexy.
If a person is going too far, he wants to stop.
If a person agrees to help out, he will feel good.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he wants to say what PersonY said.
If a person gets back in line, he will feel confident.
If a person considers a way out, he wants to be free.
A person heads to the corner store in order to buy some groceries.
If a person gets the right papers, he will feel confident.
If a person is entangled in a mess, he wants to untangle himself.
A person got interested in others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person explores the subject, he wants to understand.
If a person finds new love, he will feel happy.
If a person knows how to defend itself, he will feel confident.
If a person receives a positive email, he will feel encouraged.
If a person finds what he's looking for, he will feel satisfied.
A person and others work out in order to stay in shape and PersonY wants to stay in shape.
A person puts in time in order to be productive.
If a person struts his stuff, he will feel sexy.
If a person figures out why others is upset, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person stops lying to himself, he becomes more honest as a result.
If a person plays it cool, he will feel relaxed.
If a person complains of a stalker, he wants to find out who is stalking him.
If a person gets better, he will feel relieved.
If a person observes the flowers, he notices the beauty of the flowers as a result.
If a person can't get a break, he will feel upset.
If a person takes a very deep breath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is interested in a new job, he wants to apply for the job.
A person has a new house built in order to have a nice house.
A person talks to others about the pictures in order to share the pictures with PersonY.
If a person hears an irritating noise, he wants to find the source of the noise.
A person makes his way to others in order to be with PersonY.
A person starts to think about what the salesman said in order to remember the conversation.
If a person completes a plan, he is happy as a result.
If a person has found a wonderful ring, he will feel delighted.
If a person makes 's first sale, he will feel pleased.
A person consults others's dad in order to get PersonY's dad's advice.
If a person consumes large quantities of drink, he becomes drunk as a result.
If a person joins an exercise class, he will feel fit.
If a person takes precautions, he will feel protected.
If a person goes on without a hitch, he will feel confident.
If a person gets the prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person does well in school, he will feel pleased.
If a person is blamed for the mess, he will feel guilty.
If a person has beaten others to the meeting, he will feel triumphant.
If a person celebrates others’s success, he will feel proud.
If a person resolves the situation, he is happy as a result.
If a person works on his writing skills, he will feel motivated.
If a person hears something terrible, he will feel horrified.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he becomes a better runner as a result.
If a person is practical, he is thrifty as a result.
A person out for a stroll in order to get some fresh air.
If a person gets lost on the road, he wants to get directions.
A person learns some writing in order to improve his writing.
If a person feels inclined to ask for a raise, he gets a raise as a result.
A person is working hard on the problem in order to finish the project.
If a person enjoys the challenge, he wants to try harder.
If a person is prepared for an event, he will feel confident.
If a person joins a new gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person has an exciting experience, he will feel joyful.
If a person goes to the planetarium, he will feel intrigued.
A person feeds the birds in order to be kind to the birds.
If a person goes up to others, he wants to tell PersonY something.
If a person was the winner, he is happy as a result.
If a person supports others with all his heart, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to explain some things, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person eats voraciously, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does another job, he gets paid as a result.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he is good at playing an instrument as a result.
A person works on the house in order to finish the house.
If a person takes out others on a date, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person follows the path of enlightenment in order to be a better person.
A person hires a private investigator in order to find out the truth.
If a person peeks at the examination questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person hears some good news, he will feel hopeful.
If a person starts a new life, he will feel happy.
If a person is filled with rage, he wants to destroy.
A person encouraged others to go out more in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others marries, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gives others a peck on the cheek, he will feel happy.
If a person looks it up on the Internet, he will feel interested.
A person had been reading up on the subject in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person got injured, he is in pain as a result.
A person sticks to her roots in order to remain a part of her family.
If a person explores the subject, he will feel curious.
A person prepares to begin writing again in order to be creative.
A person plans to leave the place in order to be independent.
If a person reads a piece of literature, he will feel educated.
If a person goes to a better place, he will feel relieved.
If a person's reputation goes up, he will feel important.
If a person feels she has betrayed herself, he wants to make amends.
A person questions others's need to leave in order to understand PersonY's decision.
If a person learns the value of patience, he wants to have more patience.
If a person reads a document, he understands the document as a result.
A person calls others to explain the situation in order to tell PersonY the truth.
If a person starts to take a stand, he will feel strong.
If a person enjoys the song, he wants to listen to the song again.
If a person enjoys his lunch, he feels full as a result.
If a person makes new friends at the coffee shop, he will feel comfortable.
If a person decides to do something positive, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys the house of her dreams, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to catch the train in order to be on time.
If a person is eager to learn, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a new gig, he will feel happy.
A person goes away to a new place in order to start a new life.
If a person mends a relationship, he will feel happy.
A person comes home for the holidays in order to spend time with his family.
A person considers the circumstances in order to understand the situation.
A person invites personY for a walk in order to spend time with personY.
If a person learns to get along with others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person picks out her outfit, he is happy with her outfit as a result.
If a person performs a speech, he is seen as eloquent.
A person learns to program computers in order to become a programmer.
If a person says something amusing, he is rewarded with a laugh as a result.
If a person exercises twice a day, he is fit as a result.
A person learns how to hunt in order to be a better hunter.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he wants to take advantage of the opportunity.
If a person gets the flowers, he will feel happy.
If a person stands up to his brother, he will feel courageous.
A person tries to talk to others's daughter in order to help PersonY's daughter.
If a person starts a small argument, he is angry as a result.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he will feel confident.
If a person worries about his daughter, he wants to protect his daughter.
If a person has performed, he is recognized as a result.
If a person is irritated by dirty window panes, he wants to clean the windows.
If a person wins a valuable award, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is a bit hot-tempered, he wants to calm down.
If a person and others have a dance, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person notices something at the meeting, he wants to know what it is.
If a person eats great food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a room to herself, he will feel comfortable.
A person pursues others's request in order to help PersonY.
If a person makes his way to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person finds fault with the report, he wants to correct the report.
A person creates a social media profile in order to communicate with others.
If a person does a lot of research, he is seen as smart.
A person is performing community service in order to be a good citizen.
If a person looks to others for support, he will feel encouraged.
If a person gets hit in the head, he will feel in pain.
A person tries to keep cool in order to avoid being angry.
If a person finds a good seat, he will feel comfortable.
If a person receives the winning award, he is happy as a result.
If a person is able to overcome adversity, he will feel strong.
If a person contemplates his actions, he wants to make a decision.
If a person does not feel quite right, he wants to feel better.
If a person sees a show, he will feel amused.
If a person complains to his supervisor, he will feel angry.
A person practices talking in order to be more sociable.
If a person takes a course, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a big problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person tries to learn about others, he will feel intrigued.
A person decided to hang out in order to be with his friends.
If a person begins writing, he will feel inspired.
If a person loves her dog, he wants to keep her dog.
If a person continues his work, he will feel busy.
If a person buys a piece of cake, he is pleased with the cake as a result.
If a person buys books, he reads more as a result.
A person reads the newspaper daily in order to be informed.
If a person finds a new beginning, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives approval from others, he will feel happy.
A person tries to stay on course in order to succeed.
If a person performs a public service, he will feel noble.
A person becomes active in social welfare work in order to help people.
If a person learns about ethics, he has a good understanding of ethics as a result.
If a person studies hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person take a vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person goes to beauty college, he learns to apply makeup as a result.
If a person rushes to the phone, he makes a call as a result.
A person introduces others to the family in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person is offered a trip, he goes on the trip as a result.
If a person has a wonderful time, he will feel content.
If a person finds a new hobby, he will feel pleased.
If a person sets up his camp, he will feel independent.
If a person becomes the guest of honor, he will feel respected.
If a person looks back on what he's done, he regrets his actions as a result.
If a person has lost something, he wants to find it.
If a person is active in charity work, he will feel good.
A person talks to others’s best friend in order to have a conversation with PersonY’s best friend.
If a person enjoys a lavish lifestyle, he will feel happy.
If a person beats others in a chess game, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is a huge success, he will feel happy.
A person tries to buy others a present in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person devises a system for getting around, he will feel organized.
If a person becomes outraged, he wants to yell.
A person takes over the household in order to take care of the family.
If a person reads an article, he learns something new as a result.
If a person finds a boyfriend, he will feel happy.
If a person is unhappy with work, he will feel stressed.
A person makes a good life for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has a plan for every eventuality, he will feel in control.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person begins a singing career, he will feel talented.
If a person applied for a job, he got the job as a result.
If a person finds hope and self-esteem in counseling, he wants to be more confident.
A person moves to others's side in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person is taught to paint, he becomes a good painter as a result.
If a person has a good time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person learns about culture, he will feel enlightened.
If a person continues with the plan, he will feel determined.
If a person gets up to speed, he will feel refreshed.
A person encourages others to speak in order PersonY to be able to express himself.
If a person begins to hesitate, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person agrees to work for others in order to help PersonY.
A person studies for the test in order to pass the test.
If a person goes to a clinic, he wants to get better.
If a person really tries this time, he wants to succeed.
If a person's worried, he wants to be reassured.
If a person arrives at an idea, he wants to work on the idea.
If a person dances the salsa, he will feel joyful.
If a person calls others to ask for help, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
A person works on getting to know others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person considers other options, he wants to make a different choice.
If a person is diagnosed with a serious illness, he gets treatment as a result.
If a person listens to their songs, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets better at waiting, he is patient as a result.
A person chooses to leave home in order to live on her own.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he will feel refreshed.
If a person exercises twice a day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person becomes infuriated, he wants to throw a fit.
A person starts a collection in order to have a good collection.
If a person gets a bargain, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a conscientious employee, he will feel valued.
If a person acquires a piece of knowledge, he will feel wise.
A person and others speak very frankly in order to be honest with PersonY.
If a person finally finds what he's looking for, he will feel content.
If a person finds a great job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he reads more as a result.
If a person gets a complimentary coffee, he will feel appreciated.
If a person finds a suitable job, he will feel happy.
A person is careful with others’s belongings in order to be considerate.
If a person finally does it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hesitates to tell others about his journey, he will feel unsure.
If a person learns to be self-sufficient, he will feel competent.
If a person refrains from cheating, he will feel virtuous.
If a person regrets his or her behavior, he wants to change.
If a person gets cleaned up, he will feel nice.
If a person becomes the guest of honor, he will feel important.
A person starts hiking in order to explore the world.
If a person seeks support from others, he will feel comforted.
If a person does his exercise, he will feel fit.
If a person begins relationships, he will feel loving.
If a person sees someone in need, he helps the person as a result.
If a person raises an interesting question, he wants to learn more about the subject.
A person decides to try something in order to make a change.
If a person is working on an assignment, he will feel productive.
If a person falls in love with Shelby, he wants to marry Shelby.
If a person goes to Church, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has a new problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person heads toward others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is threatened with a knife, he will feel afraid.
If a person witnesses something terrible, he is horrified as a result.
If a person gets the work done, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes an athlete, he wants to be a good athlete.
If a person reads the local newspaper, he learns about local events as a result.
If a person plays in the nearby park, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person complains about a spot, he wants to get rid of the spot.
If a person wins others's favour, he will feel triumphant.
If a person went out for a walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes to a drugstore, he buys medicine as a result.
If a person has an internal conflict, he will feel stressed.
If a person finds help, he will feel relieved.
If a person is honored at a dinner, he will feel respected.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has hurt his knee, he is in pain as a result.
If a person stays calm in bad situations, he will feel in control.
If a person has a great idea, he will feel excited.
If a person succeeds in the trade negotiation, he will feel pleased.
If a person relaxes with friends, he will feel content.
If a person has trouble with something, he wants to fix it.
If a person makes it work, he is happy as a result.
A person gives others more information in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes off on a journey, he becomes a world traveler as a result.
If a person recalls an incident from her childhood, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person considers others's request, he will feel thoughtful.
A person is concerned about the story in order to make sure the story is accurate.
If a person has become bored with work, he wants to do something else.
A person goes to work in the morning in order to be productive.
If a person puts arms around others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person realizes success, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person is active in clubs, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he will feel confident.
A person considers his or her options in order to think carefully.
If a person reads some of the book, he is interested in the book as a result.
A person tells his mother in order to share his feelings.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel relieved.
If a person watches a comedy program on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person cares about the community, he wants to make a difference.
If a person goes to see a psychiatrist, he wants to be well.
If a person is sensitive to others’s issues, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person is rewarded for honesty, he will feel pleased.
If a person is traumatized, he wants to be comforted.
If a person gets a personal massage, he will feel happy.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives great praise, he will feel pleased.
If a person believes that others isn't listening, he wants to make PersonY listen.
If a person reads the text of the law, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person feels that someone is looking at her, he feels paranoid as a result.
If a person keeps trying to write, he wants to write more.
If a person put on a skirt, he will feel sexy.
If a person is willing to obey the regulations, he wants to be a good citizen.
A person travels to others’s place in order to meet PersonY.
If a person suspects a trap, he will feel wary.
If a person gets to the finish line, he will feel victorious.
A person researches websites in order to be more knowledgeable.
A person reaches out to a friend in order to be closer to a friend.
A person leaves to take a walk in order to be alone.
If a person decides to shower instead, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person eats some soup, he will feel full.
If a person believes that others is lost, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person looks for a cure, he will feel determined.
If a person owns a successful business, he will feel confident.
A person fixes the car in order to make the car run well.
If a person is good at her job, he will feel proud.
If a person takes a nice walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person uses her powers for good, he will feel strong.
If a person doesn't get any sleep, he will feel groggy.
If a person suffers a wound, he will feel in pain.
If a person is concerned about losing her money, he wants to save her money.
If a person gets therapy, he will feel improved.
A person works harder in order to be successful.
If a person is now on the path to success, he will feel happy.
A person looks at others's books in order to study PersonY's books.
A person reads the obituaries in order to know about the people who have died.
If a person has found something, he is pleased as a result.
If a person stumbles on a big idea, he wants to run with the idea.
If a person learns to be alone, he will feel peaceful.
If a person exercises at the gym, he is seen as athletic.
If a person finds some sort of work, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys time with friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person has fun with a friend, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a financial problem, he is worried as a result.
If a person made a sale, he will feel pleased.
A person has been to the gym in order to be in shape.
If a person enjoys a day in the park, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person thinks hard about things, he wants to make a decision.
If a person gets himself a bath, he is clean as a result.
A person visits the antique shop in order to see the old things.
If a person works on the garden, he will feel productive.
If a person learns to tell jokes, he will feel amused.
If a person does a bad deed, he will feel guilty.
If a person decides to shower instead, he will feel clean.
If a person worries about the implications, he wants to make sure nothing bad happens.
If a person prepares himself, he will feel confident.
If a person graduates with honors, he is happy as a result.
A person studies the anatomy of a hen in order to be able to understand the inner workings of a hen.
A person teaches others some dance moves in order to show PersonY a new skill.
A person works to earn more money in order to be financially independent.
If a person wins at a game, he will feel pleased.
If a person knows the facts, he will feel confident.
If a person's team beats others's team, he will feel triumphant.
A person begins to prepare the lunch in order to make sure that the lunch is ready.
If a person realizes he was wrong, he is sorry as a result.
A person thinks of studying in order to do well in school.
If a person is a patriot, he wants to fight for his country.
If a person has the right idea, he will feel satisfied.
A person phones a therapist in order to discuss his problems.
If a person finished the project, he will feel pleased.
A person helps with others's homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person thinks it is very serious, he wants to take care of it.
If a person does the deed, he will feel satisfied.
A person prepares for a journey in order to see the world.
If a person wins in the game, he will feel pleased.
If a person expects that something will happen, he will feel worried.
If a person expresses a concern, he wants to find out more.
A person tries out for a new job in order to be promoted.
A person has an open-door policy in order to be accessible to everyone.
If a person becomes obsessed with it, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person explores new ideas, he wants to learn more.
If a person is forced to work more hours, he is overworked as a result.
If a person organizes others to work, he will feel effective.
A person holds others in a hug in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person complains to the authorities, he will feel angry.
If a person tries to hold her tongue, he doesn’t say anything as a result.
If a person loves her pet so much, he wants to keep her pet.
If a person finally gets sick, he will feel miserable.
A person asks the father in order to know the father's opinion.
If a person plans a fund-raiser, he wants to help people.
If a person loves to be with others, he will feel content.
If a person thinks they are being taken advantage of, he wants to stop being taken advantage of.
If a person enjoys photography, he wants to take more pictures.
If a person loves talking about the past, he is a good storyteller as a result.
A person gives others a voice in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds his own way, he will feel free.
If a person dreads falling, he wants to be safe.
If a person has a coughing fit, he wants to stop coughing.
If a person is trained to work with the disadvantaged, he will feel motivated.
If a person dances on the stage, he will feel thrilled.
If a person starts the week in a good mood, he will feel confident.
If a person drinks all evening, he will feel tipsy.
If a person shows the enemy who's boss, he will feel victorious.
If a person fails to find a job, he becomes unemployed as a result.
If a person challenges himself, he wants to try harder.
If a person praises Mike's actions, he will feel proud.
If a person looks forward to spending time with others, he will feel content.
If a person witnesses a bad thing, he feels bad as a result.
If a person finds something more interesting, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds the right track, he is successful as a result.
If a person reads an informative paper, he learns something new as a result.
If a person meets someone they've wanted to meet, he wants to see this person again.
If a person has a successful transaction, he is happy as a result.
If a person lives a new life, he will feel liberated.
If a person decides to live a good life, he will feel happy.
If a person is the star of a public event, he will feel pleased.
If a person overcomes adversity, he will feel victorious.
If a person fears that others is a thief, he wants to find out if PersonY is a thief.
If a person watches TV and eats popcorn while others reads, he will feel entertained.
If a person enters an argument, he will feel annoyed.
If a person is an inspirational speaker, he gets applause as a result.
If a person reads an exciting book, he enjoys the book as a result.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person thinks she's getting better, he will feel optimistic.
If a person solves the problem for others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person questions someone about others, he learns something about PersonY as a result.
If a person does everything quickly, he will feel efficient.
A person talks about their disease in order to share their disease with others.
If a person lies down for a while, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is accepted into a new circle of friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person tells the story of his life, he is seen as interesting.
If a person is working out, he is fit as a result.
If a person gets accepted to a prestigious university, he is happy as a result.
If a person shows off his body, he will feel sexy.
If a person is thinking about the book, he will feel curious.
If a person enjoys this journey, he will feel content.
If a person is appointed to a high post, he will feel important.
If a person is annoyed by noise, he wants to have quiet.
If a person has slapped others, he has upset PersonY as a result.
If a person's brain is on fire, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is very successful, he will feel happy.
A person tries in order to do his best.
If a person is afraid of getting in trouble, he will feel anxious.
If a person enjoys a trip to the shore, he will feel peaceful.
If a person helps others as much as he can, he will feel helpful.
A person asks for more details in order to understand the problem.
If a person practices a new recipe, he improves her cooking skills as a result.
If a person learns how to do a new job, he wants to do that job.
If a person keeps going forward, he will feel hopeful.
If a person enjoys her walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person learns about the past, he will feel enlightened.
A person turns to a new page in order to get to the next chapter.
If a person seems concerned, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person thinks that something is good, he wants to try it.
If a person dresses to the nines, he will feel fabulous.
If a person studies baking with others, he is able to bake as a result.
If a person is reconciled with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks this time is different, he will feel hopeful.
If a person doesn’t like others's habit, he wants to tell PersonY to stop.
If a person rests in his chair, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person makes the trains run on time in order to be efficient.
If a person sings at the top of his voice, he will feel happy.
If a person feels more motivated, he wants to get more work done.
If a person receives a pat on the back, he will feel happy.
If a person builds his business, he wants to make more money.
If a person achieves goals, he is happy as a result.
If a person is sore at others, he wants to hurt PersonY.
A person fixes the engine in order to get the car going again.
If a person learns to have fun, he wants to be happy.
If a person sells a lot of stuff, he will feel successful.
If a person listens to what others says, he does what PersonY says as a result.
If a person is very easy to talk to, he gets to know people as a result.
A person goes back to see the library in order to learn more about the library.
A person soothes others's fears in order to help PersonY.
If a person is in a very good mood, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a huge raise, he will feel happy.
If a person is really easy to get along with, he is liked by everyone as a result.
If a person becomes displeased, he wants to feel better.
If a person thinks that others is causing trouble, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person tries to improve her English, he will feel motivated.
A person rides to others's side in order to help PersonY.
A person put a flower on others's grave in order to show respect for PersonY.
If a person is interested in something, he wants to find out more.
If a person goes to the school reunion, he meets his old friends as a result.
If a person takes up a new sport, he improves his fitness as a result.
If a person consumes large quantities of drink, he is drunk as a result.
A person takes his bicycle for a ride in order to get exercise.
If a person is concerned about danger, he wants to avoid danger.
If a person and others have it out, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
A person tries to run in order to be independent.
If a person begins to see a therapist, he begins to improve as a result.
If a person buys some makeup, he will feel pretty.
If a person is distracted by noise, he loses concentration as a result.
A person continues to take the medication in order to feel better.
If a person learns the value of patience, he becomes more patient as a result.
If a person gets what he wants, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries others's burger in order to see if PersonY's burger is good.
If a person seems to be reading an interesting story, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to an author talk in order to learn more about the author.
If a person signs up for an aerobics class, he gets fit as a result.
If a person reads a comic, he will feel entertained.
A person makes personY an honest offer in order to be fair.
If a person acquires others's history, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
A person prays at church in order to be close to God.
If a person gets herself a new chair, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts to read the book in order to learn more about the book.
If a person meets her quota, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts to sing, he will feel happy.
A person checks the message board in order to see what people are saying.
If a person feels she is being watched, he will feel uneasy.
If a person thinks this house has bad karma, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person is shocked to find out, he will feel upset.
If a person accuses others of leaking the information, he wants to prove PersonY is guilty.
A person will go to a friend's house in order to be with a friend.
A person plans to travel abroad in order to see the world.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he will feel content.
If a person plays make-believe, he learns to be imaginative as a result.
If a person rakes it in, he will feel satisfied.
A person talks to dead people in order to be able to communicate with the dead.
If a person and others enjoy a stroll in the park, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person and others attend the concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person has a meal at home, he will feel content.
If a person keeps in contact with others, he will feel connected.
If a person starts studying about nuclear fusion, he wants to study more about nuclear fusion.
If a person convinces others to give up, he will feel successful.
A person is on an adventure in order to be independent.
A person tries on a coat in order to be warm.
If a person realizes he has made a mistake, he is sorry as a result.
If a person complains about her shopping experience, he wants to shop somewhere else.
If a person investigates others's guilt, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person wonders how it will end, he will feel anxious.
If a person develops more skills, he will feel competent.
If a person thanks her adviser, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others go mountain climbing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person feels as if he could have saved him, he wants to help him.
If a person draws up a plan, he will feel in control.
If a person wins the football match, he is pleased as a result.
If a person always has something nice to say, he is seen as a nice person.
A person looks for another job in order to earn more money.
If a person presents arguments against others, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person listens to a tune, he will feel entertained.
A person talks with a therapist in order to get help.
If a person finishes his homework, he will feel pleased.
If a person’s dad yells at him, he will feel angry.
If a person procures some delicious treats, he will feel content.
If a person knows what to do next, he does what he knows as a result.
If a person learns to care, he wants to care for others.
If a person takes shower, he will feel clean.
If a person grows from childhood to adulthood, he will feel matured.
If a person has a bowl of soup at lunch, he will feel full.
If a person has a new lease on life, he will feel happy.
If a person will have his way, he will feel pleased.
If a person seeks peace, he wants to find a quiet place.
If a person is moving into others’s arms, he is comforted by PersonY as a result.
If a person is completely organized, he will feel productive.
If a person is on top of it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a use for something, he will feel pleased.
If a person plays and laughs with others, he will feel happy.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has been prescribed medication, he wants to be able to take the medication.
If a person carries on a long discussion, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person shops for new clothes, he wants to wear the new clothes.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to look at it.
A person calls others over in order to talk to PersonY.
A person starts dressing up in order to look good.
If a person has good news for others, he wants to share the news.
If a person decides to buy his car, he will feel pleased.
If a person indulges in comfort food, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a problem at work, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person lands a perfect shot, he will feel pleased.
A person lets others know how he feels in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person hears a distressing rumour, he is concerned as a result.
If a person appreciates others's gesture, he feels happy as a result.
If a person wants to stay close, he stays close to his family as a result.
If a person wants to become a lawyer, he studies law as a result.
A person finds the perfect gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person knows his job well, he will feel confident.
If a person suffers from flashbacks, he will feel distressed.
A person reads a great deal in order to learn more.
If a person practices day in and day out, he will feel determined.
If a person falls and breaks his arm, he is out of action for a while as a result.
A person starts to explain what happened in order to make sense of the situation.
If a person hears a horror story, he will feel afraid.
If a person gets the facts, he is better informed as a result.
If a person wears the sweater to work, he will feel warm.
If a person manages to deceive others, he gets away with it as a result.
If a person and others bounce along, he will feel energetic.
If a person is upset by others’s disappearance, he wants to know where PersonY is.
If a person doesn't feel good, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets to know each other, he will feel connected.
A person decides to study harder in order to get good grades.
If a person does not like the way others dresses, he wants to change PersonY's clothes.
If a person will find a way to get the job done, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes confused, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person gets the first try, he will feel triumphant.
If a person likes her new home, he wants to stay in her new home.
A person approaches some of the luggage in order to check the luggage.
If a person has written a book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person resumes schooling, he will feel motivated.
If a person begins to do something, he gets something done as a result.
If a person relaxes and is carefree, he will feel content.
If a person thinks that something is wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person notices that the watch is missing, he wants to find the watch.
A person spreads malicious rumors in order to make other people feel bad.
If a person organizes his stuff, he is tidier as a result.
If a person manages the schedule, he will feel in control.
If a person has finally made their dream come true, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others have a blast, he will feel content.
If a person has an interesting career, he will feel fulfilled.
A person shows up to work on time in order to be productive.
A person begins planning the holiday in order to have a great time.
If a person learns of some good news, he will feel happy.
If a person eats something tasty, he will feel full.
A person goes to live with her father in order to be close to her father.
If a person gets second thoughts, he wants to be sure.
If a person mended his ways, he is now a better person as a result.
If a person gets to spend quality time with others, he will feel content.
If a person is drinking alcohol, he will feel tipsy.
A person jogs down the street in order to exercise.
If a person gets the result, he will feel happy.
If a person watches a movie in French, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds a solution to problem, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys something delicious, he will feel full.
If a person is in charge of the negotiation, he will feel powerful.
A person takes on the work in order to earn money.
If a person acquires a cell phone, he makes calls as a result.
If a person dances to the fast beat, he will feel happy.
If a person takes up boxing, he will feel excited.
If a person keeps eye on the ball, he will feel confident.
A person approaches the computer in order to use the computer.
If a person cares for others’s infant, he learns to care for infants as a result.
If a person takes an art class, he will feel interested.
If a person is glad to receive praise, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person engages in sexual foreplay, he will feel excited.
If a person lost his cool, he wants to calm down.
If a person has strong beliefs, he wants to do what he believes is right.
A person examines the orchard in order to learn more about the orchard.
If a person thinks she is being stalked, he wants to find out who is stalking her.
If a person gets others to promise, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes on a bicycle ride, he will feel excited.
If a person works out hard, he is seen as athletic.
If a person starts a new friendship, he wants to hang out with his new friend.
If a person is well-prepared for the class, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes observations, he will feel curious.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he will feel happy.
If a person suspects that others is out to get him, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
A person takes the time to learn in order to improve his skills.
If a person anticipates others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
A person is starting to learn in order to improve.
If a person studies the information, he will feel motivated.
If a person spends a night at home, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is a good listener, he will feel understood.
If a person prays before sleeping, he will feel tranquil.
If a person receives favorable service, he will feel respected.
If a person goes to synagogue, he will feel spiritual.
If a person tries to keep her wits about her, he doesn’t get lost as a result.
A person helps with others's work in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets a date, he is happy as a result.
If a person continues building, he will feel productive.
If a person is put under pressure, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is aware of strengths and weaknesses, he knows what to do as a result.
If a person draws up a plan, he will feel organized.
A person organizes a group in order to help others.
If a person acquires a motor vehicle, he will feel happy.
If a person has a nice dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person acknowledges others's advice, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person becomes deeply interested in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person finds something amazing, he will feel happy.
If a person has respect for others, he is friendly with PersonY as a result.
A person comforts others after the accident in order to be there for PersonY.
A person get dressed in order to look good.
If a person gets some coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person works on his own, he will feel independent.
If a person's wife left him, he is alone as a result.
If a person knows how to take care of herself, he will feel secure.
If a person takes a day off from work, he will feel rested.
If a person learns from her experience, he will feel changed.
If a person acquires knowledge of others's whereabouts, he wants to use this knowledge to find PersonY.
If a person could not take the heat, he wants to be in the shade.
A person practices faithfully in order to be a good student.
A person begins training in his new job in order to learn new skills.
If a person sends a lot of letters, he is seen as good at writing.
A person starts to learn French in order to improve her language skills.
A person gives a lot of money to charity in order to help people.
If a person grows to maturity, he will feel wise.
If a person begins to explore the world, he wants to be a world traveler.
If a person writes an article for a newspaper, he is seen as articulate.
If a person is promoted at work, he will feel happy.
If a person writes a long email, he will feel productive.
A person apologizes sincerely in order to make amends.
If a person starts to respect others, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person gets what she needs, he will feel satisfied.
A person tests some rice in order to learn more about rice.
A person organizes everyone to leave on time in order to be efficient.
If a person ponders the important question, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person has retrieved the merchandise, he will feel successful.
If a person reconsiders its motivations, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person worries about his sick father, he wants to help his father.
If a person's coming home, he wants to see his parents.
If a person always does the right thing, he will feel pleased.
If a person is accepted into a new circle of friends, he wants to hang out with them.
If a person's ancestry is suspect, he is investigated as a result.
If a person works to hard, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person prepares well, he will feel motivated.
A person inspects something in order to know what is going on.
A person shares advice with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is diagnosed with a serious illness, he is treated by a doctor as a result.
A person walks around town in order to get to know the town.
If a person finds an object of value, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets back into school, he does well in school as a result.
If a person does a favour for others, he will feel good.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he will feel happy.
If a person is growing to be a good person, he will feel pleased.
A person attends a self-help class in order to be better.
A person takes them to a better place in order to help them.
If a person gets hit in the face, he is in pain as a result.
A person is trying to contact others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person treats others just like another person in order to treat PersonY like a normal person.
If a person completes the ultimate goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person bursts into song, he will feel happy.
If a person gets his salary doubled, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suffers a personal loss, he feels sad as a result.
A person takes the children on a trip in order to spend time with the children.
If a person hurt his toe, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is winning, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes care of others's feelings, he will feel compassionate.
If a person’s idea works, he will feel happy.
If a person gets up and makes dinner, he has a nice meal as a result.
If a person is good at her job, he will feel confident.
If a person fights off attackers, he survives the attack as a result.
A person decides to go to the park in order to enjoy the day.
If a person devotes her time to God, he wants to do things for God.
A person announces that he is leaving in order to be free.
If a person buys a new pet, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a way, he will feel successful.
If a person puts their time in, he will feel satisfied.
If a person asks about the noise, he wants to find out what is making the noise.
If a person rakes in the profits, he is seen as a smart businessman.
If a person starts to argue with others, he will feel angry.
If a person swims laps every day, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person uses the software correctly, he will feel confident.
A person writes a business plan in order to be self sufficient.
A person settles down with a wife in order to be a family man.
If a person registers at the training course, he wants to complete the course.
If a person reasons about a matter, he will feel wise.
A person goes to a medical convention in order to learn more about medicine.
If a person makes arrangements, he will feel organized.
If a person has a late-night snack, he will feel satisfied.
If a person dresses up for her old college buddies, he will feel sexy.
If a person creates beauty, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person takes part in an argument, he is upset as a result.
If a person tames others's father, he will feel victorious.
A person visits all his friends in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person doesn’t like the ending, he wants to change the ending.
If a person and others buy tickets to a music concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person reads a lot of books, he is a well-read person as a result.
A person searches the Web for information in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person is trained to ride a bicycle, he is a good cyclist as a result.
If a person asks for others's hand in marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person develops a game plan, he will feel prepared.
If a person has a dispute with a business partner, he will feel angry.
If a person finds some sort of work, he is paid as a result.
If a person moves to the living room, he gets comfortable as a result.
A person learns how to make paper in order to be able to make paper.
If a person kisses her friends good-bye, he will feel good.
If a person dislikes Bob, he wants to get rid of Bob.
If a person tends the garden, he grows vegetables as a result.
If a person secures a place, he will feel relieved.
If a person works for a living, he will feel busy.
A person researches at the library in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person respects her parents, he gets along with her parents as a result.
A person steps onto the path in order to be able to move forward.
If a person worries about paying the rent, he will feel stressed.
If a person discovers that others is missing, he wants to find PersonY.
A person takes a warm shower in order to feel clean.
If a person re-reads the manual, he understands the manual as a result.
If a person looks to others for confirmation, he wants to believe PersonY.
If a person gets the big break, he will feel happy.
If a person is afraid of being found out, he will feel anxious.
A person persists in offering in order to be helpful.
A person investigates further in order to find out more about the problem.
If a person gets others to answer her purpose, he is satisfied with PersonY’s answer as a result.
If a person is against others's protests, he wants to stop PersonY from protesting.
If a person makes a very good bargain, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a relaxing day, he feels better as a result.
A person avoids starting with others in order to avoid a conflict.
If a person has a new relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person encounters a situation, he wants to solve the problem.
A person visits others at her apartment in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person receives approval from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person reacts strongly to criticism, he becomes defensive as a result.
If a person receives the long-awaited news, he will feel happy.
A person tests the poison on himself in order to find out if the poison is deadly.
If a person receives good news, he will feel happy.
If a person and others have a spat, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person makes a single, rational decision, he will feel smart.
If a person is happy to have water, he will feel refreshed.
A person reads from the Koran in order to practice his religion.
If a person learns to appreciate others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person is at the market, he buys food as a result.
A person returns to living with her mother in order to be closer to her mother.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he stops worrying about the future as a result.
A person examines the photograph in order to know more about the photograph.
If a person is wrongfully accused, he wants to be cleared of the charges.
If a person presents a case, he is seen as convincing.
If a person deals with issues, he is seen as understanding.
If a person comes back to fight, he will feel courageous.
If a person becomes suspicious, he wants to know more.
If a person starts to fall in love, he wants to stay in love.
If a person has so many commitments, he gets very busy as a result.
If a person takes some precautions, he avoids getting sick as a result.
If a person was hit by a car, he is badly injured as a result.
If a person will find a way to get the job done, he will feel determined.
If a person dresses up for her old college buddies, he will feel cool.
If a person and others go on a boat, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is plagued by doubt, he will feel confused.
If a person orders the food, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies for hours, he will feel motivated.
If a person comes to love others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person teaches others about safety, he makes PersonY feel safer as a result.
If a person creates a virtual community, he wants to meet new people.
If a person and others drink a lot, he will feel inebriated.
If a person orders the spare part, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discusses a problem, he gets advice as a result.
If a person experiences a sudden loss, he is upset as a result.
A person insists on returning home in order to be with his family.
If a person overcomes temptation, he will feel victorious.
If a person hears a distressing rumour, he will feel anxious.
If a person learns about others's work, he becomes interested in PersonY's work as a result.
A person considers the problem in order to understand the problem.
If a person resolves a dispute, he will feel confident.
If a person gets it all right, he will feel pleased.
If a person examines the situation, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person disagrees with a manager at work, he will feel upset.
If a person identifies the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person talks about it with others in order to share the information with PersonY.
If a person contributes to household tasks, he will feel responsible.
If a person has his glasses fixed, he can see better as a result.
If a person is a successful manipulator, he gets what he wants as a result.
If a person brings a book to read, he will feel entertained.
If a person discovers a new treat, he enjoys the treat as a result.
A person re-reads a postcard in order to know more about the postcard.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he will feel content.
If a person finds what she is looking for, he will feel pleased.
If a person can’t control his temper, he will feel frustrated.
If a person acts as mediator, he has the reputation of being a mediator as a result.
If a person takes up new employment, he earns more money as a result.
If a person and others exchange smiles, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to learn, he wants to learn more.
If a person thinks he or she has gone overboard, he wants to stop.
If a person becomes involved in cleaning, he gains a cleaner house as a result.
If a person considers doing something unwise, he wants to stop.
If a person's love life improves, he wants to go out more.
If a person moves into a new building, he will feel comfortable.
If a person takes the hot water bath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes the champion, he will feel pleased.
If a person is impressed by others's skill, he will feel proud.
A person studies a foreign language in order to be fluent in a language.
If a person takes a two-week vacation, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person is taking a shower, he will feel clean.
If a person completes a plan, he will feel happy.
A person decides to practice safe sex in order to be responsible.
A person thinks about inviting others to an event in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person accepts responsibilities, he is a responsible person as a result.
If a person has a break-through insight, he wants to share his insight with others.
A person helps to clean the office in order to make the office more presentable.
A person goes into management in order to have more responsibility.
If a person listens to many people, he learns to listen as a result.
If a person practices his english, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes a longer vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person exercises every day, he wants to be fit.
If a person is free from any obligation, he is able to do whatever he wants as a result.
If a person makes an effort to understand others, he understands PersonY better as a result.
If a person becomes a real boxer, he will feel powerful.
If a person is afraid of being discovered, he will feel anxious.
A person takes a quiet walk in order to clear his mind.
If a person takes a position on some issue, he will feel committed.
A person heads to class in order to be a student.
A person gives good service in order to please his customers.
If a person places first in a competition, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes for a walk on the beach, he enjoys the beach as a result.
A person signs an employment contract in order to earn money.
A person tries to solve problem again in order to get the job done.
If a person learns how to be a leader, he will feel confident.
If a person recites formulas, he memorizes the formulas as a result.
If a person no longer asks for more, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to find out more about others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person talks to him about it in order to know what he thinks.
A person becomes a positive influence in order to help people.
A person intends to see a therapist in order to talk about her problems.
If a person sees something is not right, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person read several books, he learned to read as a result.
A person questions the situation in order to be more aware of the situation.
A person gets a drink from the public water fountain in order to stay hydrated.
If a person has a vacation, he will feel rested.
A person attends a self-help class in order to be more self-confident.
If a person is inside a movie theater, he will feel entertained.
A person calls people he knows in order to be in touch with people.
If a person convinces others to stop gossiping, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys some yogurt, he is pleased with the yogurt as a result.
If a person takes a painting class, he will feel challenged.
If a person begins with a question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person learns how to take care of a pet, he is good at taking care of a pet as a result.
A person follows the car in order to find out where the car is going.
If a person is educated, he is smart as a result.
If a person starts to feel something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person spends weeks looking for a part, he finds a part as a result.
If a person develops a wound, he is treated as a result.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he likes the place as a result.
A person decides to take a walk in order to relax.
If a person finds someone to write for, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns about patience, he wants to be patient.
If a person gets the thing, he will feel pleased.
If a person hears that others is going to die, he wants to stop PersonY from dying.
If a person learns to surf, he is good at surfing as a result.
A person tells the class something in order to share his knowledge.
If a person has some quiet time, he will feel calm.
If a person decides to do something positive, he wants to help people.
A person cleans up someplace in order to be neat.
If a person has a good breakfast, he will feel satisfied.
A person give his best to personY in order to make the person happy.
If a person leads by example, he will feel confident.
If a person feels too hot, he wants to cool off.
If a person has fun at the dance, he will feel relaxed.
A person begins making videos in order to express herself.
A person learns to type fast in order to become a better typist.
A person goes to a general store in order to buy some supplies.
If a person begins to run, he will feel energized.
A person paints a room in their home in order to make their home look nice.
If a person sips hot coffee, he will feel warmed.
If a person lives in a beautiful home, he has a great life as a result.
If a person and others fails to secure a job, he and PersonY are unemployed as a result.
A person takes care of the details in order to make sure everything is done correctly.
If a person agrees to settle, he is happy as a result.
If a person does well on a test, he will feel pleased.
If a person is offended by insult, he gets angry as a result.
If a person is thrown a party, he will feel excited.
If a person was in the wrong, he will feel guilty.
A person embarks on a new journey in order to experience new things.
If a person considers others to be a friend, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person looks for a movie to watch, he finds a movie he likes as a result.
If a person hears great news, he will feel joyful.
If a person moves up in the ranks, he will feel confident.
A person is about to confront others in order to solve the problem.
If a person and others are at peace, he will feel content.
If a person goes on the quest, he will feel eager.
If a person loves to paint, he wants to paint more.
A person reaches out to his father in order to be closer to his father.
A person thinks about his plans in order to plan for the future.
If a person is faced with a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person calls out a greeting in order to communicate with others.
If a person is fed up with mistreatment, he wants to get revenge.
If a person acquires a new pet, he is pleased with his new pet as a result.
If a person was the winner, he will feel pleased.
If a person is prepared for the event, he will feel relaxed.
A person invites others to their home in order to show PersonY their home.
If a person reads the text again, he is able to understand the text as a result.
A person drives to where others is in order to meet PersonY.
A person prepares a family meal in order to spend time with his family.
If a person performs community service, he will feel compassionate.
If a person reads interesting books, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is tired of explaining it, he wants to stop talking about it.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he will feel guilty.
If a person is out dancing, he will feel happy.
If a person makes progress on her project, he will feel happy.
If a person takes steps to justify, he will feel justified.
If a person began to form a plan, he wants to follow through.
A person is at a family party in order to be with his family.
If a person feels something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person has a great vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he is delighted as a result.
If a person dons a new attire, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets well, he will feel happy.
A person tried to contact others in order to help PersonY.
If a person does a lot of homework, he will feel responsible.
If a person feels distracted, he is unable to concentrate as a result.
A person works the details in order to get the job done.
A person paid others’s debts in order to help PersonY.
If a person has a good reputation, he is respected as a result.
If a person learns to handle others, he is better at handling PersonY as a result.
A person starts to go out in order to be social.
If a person finds a new restaurant, he wants to try it out.
If a person and others goes on vacation, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person goes to the local bar, he has a few drinks as a result.
A person picks up the phone and leaves a message in order to be able to communicate with others.
A person repairs the bicycle in order to make the bicycle rideable.
If a person found it very pleasant, he will feel peaceful.
If a person finally goes on a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person puts on the finishing touches, he will feel pleased.
A person moves quietly in order to avoid making noise.
If a person is excellent at his job, he will feel confident.
If a person is sought after by clients, he is successful as a result.
A person looks at the speaker in order to know what the speaker is saying.
If a person practices improvisation, he will feel free.
If a person gets a shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person contacts friends in order to keep in touch with friends.
If a person does something for someone else, he will feel good.
If a person and others engage in an argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person sorts out the mess, he is relieved as a result.
If a person worries that others will be left behind, he wants to make sure PersonY is with them.
If a person tries to be strong, he will feel determined.
If a person regrets falling, he wants to avoid falling.
If a person concentrates his attention, he will feel calm.
If a person begins to play the sport of golf, he wants to play more golf.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he will feel relaxed.
If a person attends an AA meeting, he is sober as a result.
If a person is interested in reading, he learns to read as a result.
If a person knows something's going to happen, he wants to find out what.
A person invites others to have dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person decides to do it himself in order to be independent.
If a person takes offense, he wants to apologize.
If a person takes a present home, he will feel pleased.
A person crawls into bed with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is the most handsome or beautiful person, he is admired by many as a result.
A person puts food on the table in order to feed his family.
If a person enjoys holiday with her friends, he will feel joyful.
If a person considers himself an outsider, he feels isolated as a result.
If a person shows a good example, he will feel respected.
If a person and others enter into an agreement, he and PersonY are both happy as a result.
If a person purchases something at a store, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to begin martial arts training, he learns to defend himself as a result.
A person helps others clean up the home in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others are calm, he will feel content.
A person practices at the piano in order to be a better pianist.
If a person completes his assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person breaks 's spine, he will feel in pain.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to play basketball, he gets better at basketball as a result.
If a person hits a high score, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets impatient with others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person feels strong emotions, he wants to express his feelings.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he will feel calm.
If a person considers others's proposition, he wants to accept PersonY's offer.
If a person gets all the rest she wants, he will feel relaxed.
A person considers others's ideas in order to learn more about PersonY's ideas.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he wants to make a difference.
A person drives to the lake in order to enjoy the lake.
A person reads a passage from the Bible in order to understand the Bible.
If a person is involved in a fight, he will feel upset.
If a person is an irritable person, he is always in a bad mood as a result.
If a person worries about getting to school, he wants to be at school on time.
If a person was feeling much better, he will feel content.
If a person stops plotting revenge, he doesn’t want to hurt anyone as a result.
A person pets her dog in order to spend time with her dog.
If a person owns a popular restaurant, he will feel successful.
A person checks the person out in order to know more about the person.
If a person kisses and hugs others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is ready to propose something, he will feel confident.
If a person awakens to a good morning, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a nice reward, he will feel happy.
A person tries to describe in order to be able to describe his feelings.
If a person participates in an online game, he will feel entertained.
If a person signs up for MMA classes, he will feel determined.
If a person gets into a brawl, he will feel upset.
If a person has come into her own, he is happy as a result.
If a person’s work improves, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a good time with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person studies the new book, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to defend herself, he will feel safe.
If a person eats good breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person finds a new book, he wants to read more.
If a person sings along, he will feel entertained.
If a person brings up a good point, he wants to be heard.
If a person gets a certain job, he will feel pleased.
If a person serves himself, he will feel independent.
If a person always tries to say the right thing, he is seen as sincere.
If a person works from home, he will feel independent.
If a person will no longer tolerate it, he wants to leave.
If a person searches for important evidence, he finds the evidence as a result.
If a person got re-employed, he will feel happy.
If a person attempts a new technique, he wants to improve his technique.
If a person enjoys a lovely walk, he will feel content.
A person takes care of others's business in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets tired of packing, he will feel frustrated.
A person tells others to go ahead in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person makes something happen, he will feel successful.
If a person makes a vow to God, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person starts to suffer, he becomes depressed as a result.
A person attempts to reason with others in order to get PersonY to see reason.
If a person doesn't eat well, he will feel undernourished.
If a person performs a job well, he will feel proud.
If a person wins in a table tennis match, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has a conflict with his boss, he will feel irritated.
If a person wins the debate, he will feel confident.
If a person objects to others’s rudeness, he wants to stop PersonY from being rude.
If a person is surrounded by friends, he will feel safe.
If a person gets a book at the bookstore, he reads the book as a result.
If a person gets a broken bone, he is in pain as a result.
If a person starts to get a grip, he is more focused as a result.
If a person knows she's lost the argument, he will feel defeated.
If a person is welcomed into others's home, he will feel cared for.
If a person hears many music performances, he likes to listen to music as a result.
If a person wears warm clothes, he will feel comfortable.
A person travels to far-off places in order to explore the world.
A person writes to some friends in order to communicate with her friends.
If a person makes a mixed tape, he will feel creative.
If a person decides to buy a house, he will feel happy.
If a person comes across others, he has a conversation with PersonY as a result.
If a person's conscience is beginning to trouble him, he wants to feel better.
If a person plays with kids, he will feel entertained.
A person repairs the boiler in order to keep the boiler running.
A person engages in intellectual dialogue in order to share his ideas.
If a person begins to feel left out, he will feel frustrated.
If a person will no longer tolerate it, he wants to quit.
If a person is reasonable, he wants to be nice.
If a person begins to thrive, he will feel encouraged.
A person takes a friend to a concert in order to show a friend a good time.
If a person marries the right person, he will feel content.
If a person overcomes difficulties, he will feel confident.
If a person has too much on their plate, he is overwhelmed as a result.
If a person goes to the window, he wants to see the world.
A person tells others to think positively in order PersonY to be happy.
If a person and others goes to a concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
A person is running for public office in order to serve the public.
If a person is reconsidering priorities, he will feel uncertain.
If a person goes out for a cup of coffee, he will feel content.
If a person has borrowed some books, he has read the books as a result.
If a person begins to look around, he will feel restless.
If a person becomes exasperated with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person runs into others at the store, he has a conversation with PersonY as a result.
If a person takes a day off, he will feel rested.
If a person's foot gets hurt, he is in pain as a result.
A person goes to Mom's house in order to spend time with his mother.
If a person and others go on a journey, he wants to see the world.
If a person realizes the importance of exercise, he will feel motivated.
If a person studies the result, he learns something as a result.
If a person dresses very well, he will feel beautiful.
If a person has a few laughs, he feels good as a result.
A person listens in on a phone call in order to be aware of the other person's conversation.
A person expresses himself to others in order to make PersonY understand him.
A person spends time with relatives in order to be close to his family.
If a person gets together with others in the department, he will feel happy.
A person sips the water in order to be hydrated.
A person gives others a lot of things in order to help PersonY.
A person and others speak very frankly in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person asks others for an explanation, he is given an explanation as a result.
If a person resolves, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person is part of the process, he will feel motivated.
A person creates a lot of art in order to be a good artist.
If a person is aiming to become a manager, he wants to work hard.
If a person secretly wants something, he wants to hide it.
If a person is dressed elegantly, he will feel beautiful.
If a person finds another passion, he wants to pursue this new interest.
If a person got a big present, he is happy as a result.
If a person can't accept that, he will feel upset.
If a person is well thought of, he will feel valued.
If a person tries to make a good impression, he is seen as a good person.
If a person takes an interest in others's career, he becomes a fan of PersonY's work as a result.
If a person decides to buy a boat, he wants to go sailing.
A person practices being polite in order to get along with others.
If a person hears of a good hotel, he will feel satisfied.
A person thinks of going home in order to be with his family.
If a person has good friends, he has a good social life as a result.
If a person succeeds at socializing, he will feel good.
A person observes herself in order to be aware of her own thoughts.
If a person appears in the newspaper, he is seen as interesting.
If a person questions the situation, he will feel uncertain.
If a person owns a cute dog, he is proud of his dog as a result.
A person takes a long journey in order to see the world.
If a person cuts a new path, he wants to do more with his life.
If a person brings things to a finish, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks about trying out for the team, he will feel determined.
If a person gets a certain job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person admires others's way of dressing, he wants to dress like PersonY.
If a person decides to watch a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts exercising, he will feel energized.
If a person took a course, he will feel educated.
If a person gets back on the wagon, he will feel content.
If a person finally beats others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets acquainted with somebody, he will feel friendly.
A person has to hurry home in order to be with his family.
A person visits his relatives in order to spend time with his family.
A person looks through others's CD collection in order to listen to PersonY's music.
If a person undergoes a therapy, he wants to feel better.
If a person reads an exciting book, he will feel happy.
A person changes job in order to do something different.
If a person asks a series of questions, he wants to get answers.
If a person realizes his mistake, he wants to correct his mistake.
If a person takes the time to learn, he wants to learn more.
If a person improves his public image, he will feel successful.
If a person regrets her action, he wants to fix her mistake.
A person rewrites the story in order to make the story better.
If a person ties up loose ends, he feels more organized as a result.
A person begins painting again in order to express himself.
If a person succeeds in the trade negotiation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to study the data, he will feel determined.
If a person has plenty of money to spend, he will feel wealthy.
If a person takes his job more seriously, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to read a book, he will feel calm.
If a person obtains data, he will feel accomplished.
A person decides to study hard in order to get good grades.
If a person reads books by Charles Dickens, he will feel entertained.
A person keeps the old note in order to remember the old note.
If a person gets help from an old friend, he will feel supported.
If a person hires a mechanic, he gets his car fixed as a result.
If a person is in a state of struggle, he wants to feel better.
If a person does well, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a chemical-free detergent, he will feel pleased.
A person speaks out in order to make a difference.
If a person becomes interested in art, he wants to be an artist.
If a person is frightened by the noise, he wants to be quiet.
If a person enjoys the meal, he will feel content.
If a person suffers a personal loss, he wants to grieve.
If a person selects new clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person gets stronger, he will feel powerful.
A person goes on to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person looks for different places, he discovers new places as a result.
If a person is a dependable and honest student, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person asks a local official for help, he wants to get the problem solved.
A person puts it all out there in order to be open and honest.
If a person observes news, he will feel curious.
If a person asks the friend for help, he will feel supported.
A person pleases his guests in order to be a good host.
If a person checks into a hospital, he wants to get better.
If a person is working full time, he will feel busy.
A person writes things down in order to remember things.
If a person cries over missing others, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person plans a new project, he wants to start working on it.
If a person is concerned about her spouse, he wants to comfort her spouse.
A person makes her intentions clear in order to be honest.
If a person buys others a new bicycle, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to go out with friends, he has a good time as a result.
A person takes a painting class in order to improve her art skills.
If a person runs into an accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person practices nonviolence, he will feel peaceful.
If a person takes a class, he will feel motivated.
A person starts working out in order to be healthy.
If a person is well-known for his positive attitude, he will feel happy.
If a person works on his writing skills, he wants to be a writer.
If a person has a bad day, he is angry as a result.
If a person gets distracted, he loses concentration as a result.
If a person becomes very good at reaching targets, he becomes a great marksman as a result.
If a person learns something interesting, he is interested in learning more as a result.
If a person forces others to the ground, he will feel victorious.
If a person is livid, he wants to yell.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he enjoys the meal as a result.
A person starts the chase in order to catch the criminal.
If a person is having a good time, he will feel joyful.
If a person hunts for information, he learns more about a topic as a result.
A person learns to be assertive in order to be able to stand up for himself.
If a person plays with the pet, he will feel entertained.
If a person repents and changes his ways, he wants to become a better person.
If a person convinces others to buy something, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences a hot flash, he wants to cool down.
A person gives a specific response in order to be precise.
If a person has a nice dinner, he is full as a result.
If a person convinces others to write a book, he will feel pleased.
If a person talks to others's friends, he gets to know PersonY's friends as a result.
A person rinses his hands in order to clean his hands.
If a person became more relaxed, he was happy as a result.
If a person is beaten up by others, he is bruised as a result.
A person speaks to the girl at the counter in order to have a conversation.
If a person knows how to take care of herself, he will feel confident.
If a person is well-known for his positive attitude, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person finds a path around obstacles, he is successful as a result.
If a person finally comes through, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts a business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person takes a foreign holiday, he will feel happy.
A person types letters on the keyboard in order to communicate with the outside world.
If a person dresses up for a party, he will feel glamorous.
A person decides on an honest approach in order to be trustworthy.
A person is busy working hard in order to be successful.
If a person settles down to work, he will feel calm.
A person cooks the family dinner in order to make his family happy.
If a person meets a good guy, he is happy as a result.
If a person buys the dog, he is pleased with the dog as a result.
If a person discovers a lead, he wants to find out more.
If a person suspects that the photograph has been tampered with, he wants to get the photo examined.
If a person reads interesting books, he will feel entertained.
If a person reaches for the phone, he wants to call someone.
If a person has a shot at winning a prize, he will feel hopeful.
If a person seeks ways to fix problem, he makes problem better as a result.
If a person gets a case of jitters, he wants to calm down.
If a person walks through a dangerous area, he will feel scared.
If a person gives others a reasonable answer, he will feel competent.
If a person and others are conflicted, he will feel worried.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he is upset as a result.
If a person purchases a new car, he is happy with his new car as a result.
A person decides not to take a drink in order to stay sober.
If a person asks others to help him with homework, he learns to do his homework as a result.
If a person plots some more, he will feel creative.
If a person persuades others to leave, he will feel successful.
If a person went for a stroll, he will feel calm.
A person works as hard as others in order to get ahead.
If a person pays a bunch of attention to others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is ready to challenge others, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks others has something to hide, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
A person considers taking the job in order to earn money.
If a person acquires expertise, he will feel accomplished.
If a person tries her best to cheer others up, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person considers others's advice, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person interviews a maid in order to find out more about the maid.
A person gets on the computer in order to get information.
If a person tries out a new sport, he wants to play that sport.
If a person considers the facts, he will feel rational.
If a person mends a relationship, he is happy as a result.
A person picks up the kids from school in order to spend time with his children.
If a person goes out of his way to help, he will feel good.
If a person makes a major purchase, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns how to use a computer, he will feel competent.
If a person gets back on his feet, he will feel happy.
If a person invites some friends over, he wants to have fun.
If a person organizes his room, he has a neat room as a result.
A person calls others’s cell phone in order to be able to reach PersonY.
If a person hits the target, he will feel confident.
If a person was informed, he knows the truth as a result.
If a person is successful in doing something, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives a raise, he is happy as a result.
A person goes to see her father in order to talk to her father.
If a person is given some useful advice, he will feel enlightened.
If a person takes pride in her home, he ’s home is decorated as a result.
If a person fights evil, he will feel determined.
If a person swims after school, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person has a miserable morning, he will feel frustrated.
If a person becomes skilled at something, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads magazines in the waiting room, he will feel entertained.
A person invites others to a restaurant in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has his guests over, he gets to know his guests as a result.
If a person exercises to relax, he will feel peaceful.
If a person respects others’s wisdom, he wants to learn from PersonY.
A person thinks things through in order to be smart.
If a person reunites with his parents, he feels happy as a result.
If a person hears an interesting rumor, he wants to hear more.
A person puts arms around others in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person has a problem and asks for help, he gets help as a result.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he wants to do better.
If a person does a favor for a friend, he will feel good.
A person decides to go to a university in order to get a good education.
If a person develops a talent, he wants to use his talent.
A person calls others back in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person finds a job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person meets others’s request, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person agrees to take part in a course, he wants to complete the course.
If a person enjoys nature, he wants to be in nature.
If a person turns on the music, he will feel happy.
If a person bathes, he is clean as a result.
A person puts his shoulder to the wheel in order to achieve his goal.
A person attended a seminar in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person completes a plan, he will feel pleased.
If a person read, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person buys the house of her dreams, he will feel content.
A person thinks of going to therapy in order to be more open with her feelings.
If a person has a school reunion, he meets his old friends as a result.
A person tells a friend the whole story in order to tell the truth.
If a person makes out, he will feel satisfied.
If a person questions some friends, he wants to know more about his friends.
A person writes up a survey in order to get some feedback.
A person explores the endless possibilities in order to find new ways to do things.
If a person has a special treat, he will feel happy.
If a person and others agree on a collaboration, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds the right apartment, he will feel pleased.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel competent.
If a person explains things, he is understood as a result.
If a person puts on music, he feels happy as a result.
If a person works out at the health club, he will feel fit.
If a person enjoys his relationship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person goes to a market, he wants to buy food.
If a person's reputation suffers, he is ridiculed as a result.
If a person finishes the soup, he will feel full.
If a person cannot endure this anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person finds the right moment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person walks to the park, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person tests out a theory, he will feel interested.
If a person is pressured by his supervisor, he will feel stressed.
If a person is surrounded by cops, he will feel trapped.
If a person asks for her doctor’s help, he wants to get better.
A person continues to work out in order to stay in shape.
If a person begins eating, he will feel full.
If a person gets tired of dealing with it, he wants to give up.
A person is concentrating on task in order to finish the task.
If a person starts to pray, he will feel calm.
If a person escapes by himself, he will feel free.
If a person thanks his mother, he will feel pleased.
If a person creates a way out, he will feel free.
If a person got a big present, he will feel happy.
If a person gets excited by thoughts of victory, he wants to celebrate.
If a person buys an airplane, he wants to fly it.
A person visits personY in order to talk to personY.
If a person discusses others's offer, he is interested in PersonY's offer as a result.
If a person's favorite song begins to play, he will feel delighted.
A person studies every day in order to be a good student.
If a person wants others to take an exam, he wants PersonY to pass the exam.
If a person decides to be nice, he will feel calm.
If a person gets a bright idea, he wants to try it.
If a person notices a favorite food missing, he wants to find the missing food.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he wants to talk about subject X.
A person visits his friend in order to be with his friend.
A person goes hiking with friends in order to be outdoors.
If a person sets things right, he will feel good.
If a person gets seriously injured, he is treated in hospital as a result.
If a person enters counseling, he wants to get better.
If a person had a great date with others, he will feel happy.
If a person is not sure, he wants to know.
If a person lands a role in a school play, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to know what others thinks, he gets PersonY’s opinion as a result.
If a person and others keep in touch, he and PersonY remain friends as a result.
If a person provides another service, he is thanked by another as a result.
If a person is a really good poet, he gets published as a result.
A person looks up something in the library in order to be able to find something.
A person cleans up around the house in order to be organized.
If a person plots a successful strategy, he will feel happy.
If a person has a peaceful life, he is happy as a result.
A person goes into the school in order to learn.
If a person and others ride the bicycle, he and PersonY get exercise as a result.
If a person enjoys the dreams, he wants to dream more.
If a person trains two hours a day, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person is taking charge, he will feel competent.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he will feel eager.
If a person makes some jewelry, he will feel creative.
If a person is fed up with x, he wants to quit x.
If a person eats good breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person becomes successful, he will feel happy.
If a person has a meeting scheduled with someone, he wants to be at the meeting.
If a person knows how to cope, he feels confident as a result.
If a person improves himself, he will feel good.
If a person responds to the crisis, he wants to help.
A person goes to others's side in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person has a shopping spree, he will feel pleased.
A person reads many books in order to learn more.
If a person has a fight with his wife, he will feel angry.
A person keeps her feelings to herself in order to keep her personal life private.
If a person reads an inspirational book, he will feel peaceful.
A person travels all over the world in order to experience new things.
If a person begins painting again, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks justice, he will feel determined.
If a person is a role model, he inspires other kids as a result.
If a person is writing an article, he wants to publish the article.
If a person receives a special gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes things right, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to appreciate others, he will feel happy.
If a person watches the movie, he is entertained as a result.
A person brings soup to a new neighbor in order to be a good neighbor.
If a person argues with a friend, he will feel angry.
If a person gets what she needs, he will feel happy.
If a person convinces others to quit smoking, he will feel successful.
If a person is a conscientious student, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person goes on a quest, he will feel determined.
If a person begins singing again, he will feel happy.
If a person gets good reviews, he will feel pleased.
A person participates in a demonstration in order to show his support for the movement.
If a person is generally charming, he is liked by many people as a result.
If a person spends time with her family, he gets along with her family as a result.
A person takes others to the dance in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is said to have a good personality, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person fixes it, he will feel accomplished.
If a person considers making some money, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets an important job, he will feel pleased.
A person learns how to bowl in order to bowl well.
If a person is doing fine, he will feel content.
If a person regrets his past, he wants to make amends.
A person starts speaking in order to communicate with others.
If a person wins another fight, he will feel confident.
If a person can’t decide, he will feel confused.
A person wants to get married in order to have a family.
If a person imagines himself at war, he will feel tense.
If a person sobs uncontrollably, he cries for help as a result.
A person waters the grass in order to keep the grass green.
If a person packs to go to the beach, he will feel excited.
If a person finds something exciting, he has a great time as a result.
A person gives himself a workout in order to be healthy.
If a person gets into bed, he falls asleep as a result.
If a person enjoys listening to the music, he will feel relaxed.
If a person's wife makes dinner, he has a nice meal as a result.
A person gets back in the saddle in order to be a good rider.
If a person enjoys his favorite pastime, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person receives a good review, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets on with others, he will feel happy.
If a person makes love to others, he will feel content.
If a person wins at golf, he will feel satisfied.
If a person worries for the kids, he wants to protect the kids.
If a person and others have fun together, he will feel satisfied.
A person exchanges knowledge in order to learn more.
A person takes care of things in order to be in control.
If a person is finally feeling better, he is happy as a result.
If a person plays with a boy and a girl, he learns to play with other children as a result.
If a person is applauded, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about what others think, he will feel stressed.
If a person makes a better offer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person doing his homework, he is successful in his homework as a result.
If a person tries to keep from panic, he doesn’t panic as a result.
If a person enjoys a walk in the woods, he will feel content.
If a person gets used to this life, he is happy as a result.
If a person collects information, he is seen as a good researcher.
If a person goes dancing with family, he will feel excited.
If a person accepts her situation, he is content as a result.
If a person is performing well, he will feel happy.
If a person acts in a quarrelsome manner, he gets a reputation for being quarrelsome as a result.
A person follows others to the store in order to know what PersonY is doing.
If a person beats others at badminton, he will feel triumphant.
If a person meets others in PersonZ's gym, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person has a smooth operation, he will feel confident.
A person enters the supermarket in order to get some food.
A person goes to gym class in order to keep fit.
If a person buys a puzzle, he wants to play with the puzzle.
If a person orders a lot of items, he will feel pleased.
If a person is an intelligent student, he does well in school as a result.
If a person hits the right note, he will feel pleased.
If a person holds a position for years, he is seen as reliable.
A person goes out to eat with her family in order to spend time with her family.
If a person settles down to work, he will feel focused.
If a person is an honourable man, he will feel respected.
If a person is of strong moral character, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person works on a specific task, he will feel motivated.
A person and his dad talk in order to have a conversation with his dad.
A person follows others out of the church in order to know what PersonY is doing.
If a person is confused by something, he wants to understand.
A person contacts others's family in order to support PersonY.
A person continues to walk in order to continue to exercise.
If a person finally pays off the debt, he will feel relieved.
If a person tries not to get angry, he is not angry as a result.
If a person keeps track of others's every move, he has an accurate record of PersonY's activities as a result.
If a person learns about culture, he feels more cultured as a result.
A person takes others to his office in order to show PersonY the office.
A person starts work in order to make money.
If a person enjoys the breeze, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person got a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person pays attention to a problem, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes rash decisions, he regrets his actions as a result.
A person is going to keep on cooking in order to be a good cook.
If a person drinks an endless amount of wine, he will feel drunk.
If a person engages in intercourse, he will feel passionate.
If a person is given a bath, he will feel clean.
If a person convinces others to talk, he will feel pleased.
If a person dined at an expensive restaurant, he spent a lot of money as a result.
If a person's and others's falls are similar, he 's and PersonY's are both injured as a result.
A person supports his partner's decision in order to be on the same page as his partner.
If a person looks at the bright side, he will feel happy.
If a person and others drive around in the car, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person and others are reconciled, he will feel happy.
If a person will have his way, he will feel in control.
If a person is a good shot, he will feel confident.
A person begins being friends with others in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
If a person discovers that others needs help, he wants to help PersonY.
A person takes a dog for a walk in order to spend time with his dog.
A person keeps the tradition in order to be consistent.
If a person is faced with a question, he wants to get an answer.
A person rushes to the library in order to get a book.
If a person enjoys a sunny afternoon, he will feel peaceful.
If a person decides to make it work, he will feel optimistic.
A person takes part in an activity in order to be a part of something.
If a person is busy with work, he is stressed as a result.
If a person is an influential figure, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person makes the right decision, he will feel happy.
A person continues on her way in order to get to her destination.
If a person follows through with the plan, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a quick drink at the bar, he is intoxicated as a result.
A person reads the rule book in order to know the rules.
A person prepares to experiment in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person eats supper, he is full as a result.
If a person organizes a movie night, he has fun with friends as a result.
If a person gets used to waking up early, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is good at chess, he will feel confident.
If a person is a good designer, he is a successful designer as a result.
If a person is mindful of others's condition, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person thanks others for the advice, he will feel relieved.
If a person and others start seeing each other, he wants to be a couple.
If a person joins a swim team, he gets better at swimming as a result.
A person comes up with a good plan in order to get the job done.
If a person sleeps through the night, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has reason to doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person accepts the compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to be articulate, he improves his speech as a result.
If a person and others buy tickets to a music concert, he will feel pleased.
If a person notices an error, he wants to correct the error.
If a person exercises every day, he will feel fit.
If a person commits to a plan, he is happy as a result.
If a person understands others's pain, he feels sympathy for PersonY as a result.
If a person tries to come to a compromise, he wants to be a peacemaker.
If a person finds a good job, he earns more money as a result.
If a person gets a bad result on an exam, he is disappointed as a result.
If a person recognizes that something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
A person does all the work for the family in order to be the family's provider.
If a person succeeds in an exam, he will feel confident.
If a person tries to see if he is wrong, he wants to be right.
If a person rolls the ball into the goal, he will feel victorious.
If a person gets along with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person reads Derrida, he understands Derrida as a result.
If a person does something he regrets, he wants to avoid doing that again.
A person puts a stop to the noise in order to have peace and quiet.
If a person asks the right question, he will feel confident.
If a person laments the situation, he wants to be in a better situation.
If a person notices someone acting unusually, he wants to investigate.
A person continues to associate with others in order to keep PersonY as a friend.
If a person visits the seaside, he will feel refreshed.
If a person follows his intuitions, he learns to trust his intuitions as a result.
If a person learns a particular piece of information, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person reads every book in order to be well read.
If a person gives a successful lecture, he will feel confident.
If a person takes care of things, he will feel organized.
If a person begins to regret having gone, he wants to go back.
A person and others plot escape in order to be free and PersonY wants to be independent.
A person offers her real feelings in order to be honest.
If a person has the presence of mind to think, he will feel alert.
If a person acquires new data, he learns new facts as a result.
If a person visits others's relatives, he learns about PersonY's family as a result.
If a person plays an important role, he will feel valued.
A person puts his things in order in order to keep his room tidy.
A person tells others the news in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person learns how to steer, he will feel competent.
If a person always does the right thing, he is seen as a good person.
A person decides to start a new business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person finds something more interesting, he will feel excited.
A person prepares to visit others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
A person works for a long time in order to earn money.
A person goes for a long walk in order to be active.
If a person questions others's answers, he wants to know more.
A person tells others about his income in order to share his income with PersonY.
If a person happens to fall down, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person enjoys exercise, he will feel refreshed.
A person checks on the president in order to make sure the president is okay.
If a person anticipates what is going to happen, he wants to be prepared.
If a person makes a better impression, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he is happy as a result.
If a person is pleased with the service, he wants to give a good review.
If a person works on the project with others, he will feel involved.
A person finally calls her mom in order to reconnect with her mother.
If a person tries to solve others's writing problems, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person likes the new way things are going, he wants to continue.
A person considers a new job in order to be in a better position.
If a person helps find a missing person, he will feel pleased.
If a person is proud of his accomplishments, he wants to show off.
If a person gets on track, he will feel successful.
A person was walking to the store in order to buy something.
A person fixes others's mistakes in order to help PersonY.
If a person has a fight with his wife, he will feel upset.
If a person checks out others’s car, he is impressed by PersonY’s car as a result.
If a person kicks around some ideas, he will feel creative.
If a person stands before a group, he wants to speak.
A person invites others to coffee in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person asks others about . . ., he wants to know more about . . .
If a person prepares a plan, he will feel in control.
If a person regrets others's error, he wants to correct PersonY's error.
If a person eats something delicious, he will feel happy.
If a person takes refuge in solitude, he will feel peaceful.
If a person learns how to listen, he is better at listening as a result.
A person sets up a refugee camp in order to help the people.
If a person found the right information, he will feel pleased.
If a person is able to dream better, he is able to have lucid dreams as a result.
If a person plans a romantic dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person meets the right people, he has a good time as a result.
If a person had a fit, he wants to calm down.
If a person regrets her decisions, he wants to go back in time and change her decisions.
If a person seeks out new experiences, he will feel excited.
If a person seems to let go of the issue, he will feel calm.
If a person's response is favorable, he will feel content.
If a person is miserable in others, he wants to leave PersonY.
If a person visits new places, he will feel curious.
If a person manages to achieve it, he will feel accomplished.
If a person picks out her outfit, he is pleased with her appearance as a result.
If a person plays an active role in the movie, he will feel important.
A person organizes everyone in order to make sure everyone is on the same page.
If a person fills in an application form, he wants to get a job.
If a person reads the newspapers, he learns about current events as a result.
If a person can't stand a particular job, he wants to quit.
If a person begins to walk, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person accepts others's hospitality, he will feel comfortable.
A person begins cleaning in order to keep the house clean.
If a person takes great care to please, he will feel pleased.
A person is going home in order to be with his family.
If a person finds a new mate, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a wonderful time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hires a stylist, he looks good as a result.
If a person does some painting, he will feel creative.
If a person enjoys the scenery, he will feel content.
A person tries to do the job in order to be useful.
If a person got an upgrade, he will feel pleased.
A person sends an electronic message in order to communicate with others.
If a person gathers the items, he organizes the items as a result.
If a person works on a novel, he will feel productive.
If a person finds a cool place to live, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes part in many different activities, he will feel busy.
A person tries to be more open in order to be more social.
A person goes to check on the grill in order to make sure the grill is ready.
If a person succeeds at life, he will feel proud.
A person works really hard in order to be a success.
If a person defeats the enemy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person fights until the end, he wants to win.
If a person reads a diary, he wants to know what's in the diary.
If a person has his own opinion, he will feel independent.
If a person encounters a terrible scene, he feels terrible as a result.
A person gives some of his money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person learns to like himself, he will feel happy.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he gets a thank you from PersonY as a result.
A person decides to work hard in order to succeed.
If a person doubts a rule, he wants to know the rule.
A person tries out for a sport in order to be a good athlete.
If a person visits MrH, he learns about MrH as a result.
If a person is strong and healthy, he will feel confident.
If a person is the coach of a team, he will feel in charge.
If a person reaches out to others, he will feel connected.
If a person seems uncomfortable, he is anxious as a result.
If a person goes to wash, he will feel clean.
If a person makes a special effort to help others, he wants to be more helpful.
If a person faces loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person makes time to exercise, he is fit as a result.
If a person suffers from guilt, he wants to stop feeling guilty.
If a person resists evil, he will feel righteous.
If a person takes a self-defense class, he will feel empowered.
A person invites others out for a cup of coffee in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has a good night, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets accepted to the best university, he will feel pleased.
If a person uses his power, he will feel powerful.
A person trains others in a combat sport in order to help PersonY become a better fighter.
If a person is a promising student, he will feel confident.
If a person wears good clothes, he is stylish as a result.
A person keeps tabs on others in order to be sure PersonY is okay.
If a person studies extra hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person fails to establish a relationship, he remains single as a result.
If a person continues to educate others, he is seen as a good teacher.
If a person visits his friend, he is glad to see his friend as a result.
If a person uses less time, he will feel efficient.
A person comes to others's defense in order to be loyal to PersonY.
If a person regrets some action, he wants to do something different.
If a person enjoys nature, he will feel content.
If a person learns from a book, he improves his knowledge as a result.
A person remodels the kitchen in order to make the kitchen more efficient.
If a person beats the crap out of others, he will feel victorious.
If a person makes a date for the next day, he will feel pleased.
A person picks others up at the airport in order to help PersonY.
If a person begins to pray, he will feel inspired.
If a person trusts others's judgement, he will feel confident.
If a person has a spontaneous walk on the beach, he has a good time as a result.
A person takes a second to consider the way things are in order to be aware of his surroundings.
If a person receives a reward, he will feel happy.
If a person studies the task, he will feel focused.
If a person is good at fixing things, he will feel accomplished.
If a person regrets mistakes, he wants to avoid making mistakes.
If a person tries to find out about others's background, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person sees that others is troubled, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person walks down the street to others's house, he wants to visit PersonY.
If a person reflects on the disaster, he will feel upset.
A person puts on a good show in order to impress the audience.
A person heads out west in order to explore the world.
If a person gets the courage to talk, he feels more confident as a result.
If a person reads a travel book, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a good time at the wedding, he will feel happy.
If a person sees something of interest, he wants to see more.
If a person convinces others to have sex, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is really cold, he wants to get warm.
If a person carries too much weight, he will feel fat.
If a person gets in a jam, he wants to get out of the jam.
If a person is writing a research paper, he will feel motivated.
If a person had an accident, he was injured as a result.
If a person goes to a sports competition, he will feel motivated.
If a person ends up on top, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives recognition, he will feel appreciated.
A person reads a story to the child in order to entertain the child.
If a person comes to believe that others is a murderer, he decides to investigate PersonY as a result.
If a person watches videos on television, he is entertained as a result.
If a person goes into the coffee shop, he gets a cup of coffee as a result.
If a person helps out at a soup kitchen, he will feel helpful.
If a person heals herself, he will feel strong.
A person talks to others about the problems in order to share her problems with PersonY.
If a person finds a decent job, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to a book on tape, he will feel entertained.
If a person has good memories, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person recognizes success, he will feel proud.
If a person accepts the job offer, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries to teach others well, he is seen as a good teacher.
If a person explores a new idea, he wants to test it out.
If a person goes home and rests, he will feel content.
A person speaks something to others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person has horrible nightmares, he wants to stop having nightmares.
A person takes action quickly in order to get things done.
If a person has fun at home, he is happy as a result.
If a person treats himself, he will feel happy.
If a person finally does something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a peaceful night, he will feel content.
If a person develops a game plan, he will feel determined.
If a person starts a hobby, he wants to continue the hobby.
If a person cleans his mind, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person went to the wrong place, he wants to go to the right place.
If a person finds a husband, he will feel happy.
If a person gets back at someone, he will feel vindicated.
A person shows others the photo in order to be able to share the photo with PersonY.
If a person takes in every detail, he will feel alert.
If a person follows the proper procedure, he is seen as efficient.
If a person studies about famous history, he will feel curious.
If a person joins an activist group, he will feel committed.
If a person experiences uncertainty, he wants to be certain.
If a person is singing happily, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sets a purpose, he will feel inspired.
If a person finds that she is overly obsessed, he wants to control her obsession.
If a person is found in violation of the law, he is fined as a result.
If a person assembles supplies, he will feel productive.
If a person made an effort, he will feel motivated.
If a person decides to go for a walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person and others hire a boat, he and PersonY enjoy a day on the water as a result.
A person dresses others in a suit in order to make PersonY look good.
If a person has a great, new job, he will feel proud.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he learns more about the neighbour as a result.
A person learns German in order to improve his language skills.
If a person has a lot of questions, he wants to know the answers.
A person sends an e-mail to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person handles it well, he will feel comfortable.
If a person stands up for her rights, he feels empowered as a result.
If a person learns a new technique, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person is about to get beaten, he will feel frightened.
A person asks the same question over and over in order to understand the situation.
A person listens to others on the radio in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
A person hits the road in order to explore the world.
If a person makes it happen, he will feel successful.
If a person lands a contract, he will feel pleased.
A person examines the photograph in order to find out more about the photograph.
If a person gets into a conflict, he wants to resolve the conflict.
If a person is concerned about something, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person stares at the evening sky, he is mesmerized by the stars as a result.
If a person acquires a new car, he will feel excited.
If a person sticks to a goal, he will feel confident.
A person checks the message board in order to see what other people are saying.
If a person has a really good life, he will feel satisfied.
A person stops for a rest in order to be well rested.
If a person takes responsibility for her own well-being, he wants to be a responsible adult.
If a person gets away from evil, he will feel victorious.
If a person is being influenced by others, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person throws a welcome party, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a poem published, he will feel accomplished.
If a person declares it to be acceptable, he will feel content.
A person becomes cautious in order to avoid any danger.
If a person gets angry with others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person is well-known for his positive attitude, he is popular as a result.
If a person can't explain it, he will feel mystified.
If a person and others visit a new neighborhood, he wants to explore the neighborhood.
If a person blames others for being a fraud, he wants to prove PersonY is a fraud.
A person changes others's outfit in order to make PersonY look better.
If a person meets a friend in the park, he and his friend become friends as a result.
If a person is meditating, he is calm as a result.
If a person's plans succeed, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets into bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets a little boost, he will feel happy.
If a person finally returns home, he wants to see his family.
If a person starts to suspect, he wants to find out.
If a person sits on a cold chair, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person puts on a safety helmet, he will feel protected.
If a person goes back to his old self, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has been taken care of, he will feel content.
If a person takes over a project, he will feel competent.
If a person and others are in a happy mood, he will feel relaxed.
If a person will do something to please others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person follows her orders, he will feel obedient.
If a person examines the remnants, he will feel interested.
A person visits others’s former home in order to see the place where PersonY lived.
A person visits you every day in order to be with you.
If a person tries to get work done, he will feel productive.
If a person lands a book contract, he is happy as a result.
If a person likes others to do things for her, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person gets a business invitation, he wants to go to the business meeting.
If a person agrees to give others a home, he will feel pleased.
A person buys a birthday gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person identifies an epidemic, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person goes on a holiday trip, he is happy as a result.
A person takes care of others's wounds in order to help PersonY.
If a person proves something to others, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person stays by others's side, he 's friendship with PersonY is strengthened as a result.
If a person organizes a project, he will feel competent.
If a person has a productive day, he will feel motivated.
If a person thwarts attack, he will feel courageous.
If a person feels remorse, he wants to make amends.
A person finds something to drink in order to be hydrated.
If a person enrolls in a writing class, he will feel inspired.
If a person agrees to a suggestion, he wants to try it.
If a person is really out of shape, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person prepares a wonderful dish, he will feel happy.
If a person gets out of it, he is happy as a result.
A person applies for a position in order to have a new job.
If a person dares to live life, he wants to try new things.
If a person finds others's laughter suspicious, he wants to know what PersonY is laughing about.
If a person is the guest of honor, he is praised by the audience as a result.
If a person's temper starts to flare, he will feel frustrated.
A person visits a sick relative in order to be there for his relative.
If a person falls down and breaks a leg, he will feel in pain.
If a person finds others’s mistake, he corrects PersonY’s mistake as a result.
If a person arranges her papers, he will feel organised.
If a person wants to start fresh, he decides to move as a result.
If a person is suffering from a broken heart, he will feel miserable.
If a person listens to some old music, he likes the music as a result.
A person ends up working in order to earn money.
If a person takes great interest in things, he will feel energetic.
If a person goes out to eat with her family, he gets to know her family as a result.
If a person is involved in a larger context, he will feel included.
A person takes others for a stroll in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person starts to suspect, he wants to know.
If a person sees something she doesn't like, he wants to change it.
A person tests personY in order to know more about personY.
If a person likes to hang out, he will feel content.
If a person is offered a position, he will feel happy.
If a person is good at fighting, he will feel powerful.
If a person puts on some glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person enjoys the concert, he will feel content.
If a person has gone a long time without sleep, he feels tired as a result.
If a person gains some new information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person holds a firm position, he will feel strong.
If a person gets found guilty, he is sentenced to jail as a result.
If a person buys a painting, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks it up online, he will feel informed.
If a person receives a wound, he is treated as a result.
A person obeys the law in order to be a good citizen.
If a person develops a feel for the game, he will feel excited.
If a person realizes that she needs to learn from the past, he wants to make a change.
A person keeps track of his progress in order to be able to measure his progress.
If a person’s mind wanders, he will feel confused.
If a person completes a puzzle, he feels accomplished as a result.
If a person prepares for it, he will feel determined.
A person helps others do work in order to help PersonY.
If a person is involved in a financial crisis, he will feel worried.
A person and others take a nap in order to relax and PersonY wants to be refreshed.
If a person's child gets into trouble, he wants to get the child out of trouble.
If a person decides to pay it forward, he will feel happy.
A person buys presents in order to give presents to people.
If a person struggles in court, he will feel upset.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he will feel frightened.
If a person puts in a good word for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes fully equipped, he will feel competent.
If a person builds a case, he will feel competent.
A person poses a logical question in order to understand the situation.
If a person studies jazz dance, he becomes a dancer as a result.
If a person thinks of the possibilities, he wants to explore.
A person speaks on the telephone in order to communicate with others.
If a person tackles the problem, he finds a solution as a result.
A person is out for a walk in order to be in nature.
If a person worries about inflation, he will feel tense.
A person is on a hike in order to enjoy nature.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he will feel happy.
A person decides on others's education in order to make sure PersonY is well educated.
If a person adjusts to a new environment, he feels more comfortable as a result.
A person head to the store in order to buy something.
A person tries to go straight in order to be a better person.
If a person learns the game, he wants to play.
If a person tries hard to finish the project, he wants to do it well.
A person writes her thesis in order to finish her thesis.
If a person talks to him about it, he thinks about it as a result.
If a person chooses carefully, he wants to make the right choice.
If a person trains for years, he is seen as disciplined.
A person acquires new data in order to learn more about the situation.
A person takes others to see a local event in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person manages to get along with others, he makes friends as a result.
If a person feels like a slob, he wants to clean up.
If a person and others get in a fight, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person forms a close relationship, he wants to stay in the relationship.
If a person welcomes others’s jokes, he will feel amused.
If a person buys a motorbike, he will feel happy.
If a person lands a plum job, he will feel pleased.
A person studies for tomorrow's exam in order to do well on the exam.
A person surprises others with a present in order to make PersonY happy.
A person takes a trip to the beach in order to relax.
If a person wins at golf, he is pleased as a result.
If a person convinces others to return home, he will feel confident.
If a person leads a very interesting life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person tries to stop others from quarreling, he quiets PersonY as a result.
A person follows up on the patient in order to help the patient.
If a person visits his old school, he remembers his school days as a result.
If a person gets a wish granted, he will feel happy.
If a person worries about his great-grandmother, he wants to take care of his great-grandmother.
If a person will succeed in her plan, he will feel confident.
If a person is doing a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person confronts his father, he wants to know more about his father.
A person is cautious in order to avoid making mistakes.
A person attempts to open the door in order to be able to leave the house.
A person plans to visit others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person puts an end to the test, he will feel victorious.
If a person collects information from others, he learns something new as a result.
A person checks into others's references in order to find out about PersonY's past.
A person starts teaching others in order to help PersonY.
If a person reunites with friends, he feels happy as a result.
If a person knows just how to manipulate others, he gets what she wants as a result.
If a person heads out to the party, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to deal with a problem, he resolves the problem as a result.
If a person finished her job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes a fixture in the community, he will feel respected.
If a person takes care of something, he will feel useful.
If a person goes to church every Sunday, he will feel spiritually satisfied.
If a person gets a positive result, he is pleased as a result.
If a person goes on a long vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is looking good today, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person brings others to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person lists priorities, he will feel focused.
If a person argues with the director, he will feel upset.
If a person begins to shake, he wants to calm down.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person earns a favor, he will feel good.
A person goes back to school in order to be a better student.
If a person gets used to new medication, he feels better as a result.
A person goes into battle in order to fight for a cause.
If a person writes a love note, he will feel happy.
A person checks the basement in order to find out what is in the basement.
If a person decides to bring others home, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is not pleased with it, he gets angry as a result.
If a person decides to forgive others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to borrow some books, he wants to read more.
If a person thanks others for everything, he is happy as a result.
A person is talking about it in order to tell someone about it.
If a person has asked for the schedule, he wants to be on time.
If a person is moved by others's words, he will feel inspired.
If a person is in the worst possible situation, he wants to be out of it.
If a person thinks of something nice, he will feel pleased.
If a person sets his alarm clock, he will feel alert.
If a person is utterly baffled, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person learns how to spell better, he wants to be a better speller.
If a person bargains for something, he gets a discount as a result.
A person attempts to be nice to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person returns to her home town, he gets to see her family as a result.
If a person brings home the gold, he will feel proud.
If a person raises the question, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person prepares a full meal, he enjoys a home-cooked meal as a result.
A person is a good host in order to make sure everyone has a good time.
If a person and others becomes business partners, he and PersonY have a good business as a result.
A person is practicing piano in order to be good at piano.
If a person takes part in an exercise class, he will feel fit.
A person tries harder to talk in order to improve her communication skills.
If a person and others make amends, he will feel content.
If a person stops the problems, he will feel in control.
If a person goes to mass, he will feel holy.
A person asks what others has to say in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
A person asks for more details in order to understand the situation.
If a person discovers a solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks someone is following him, he wants to find out who is following him.
If a person has difficulty making a decision, he will feel confused.
If a person believes in the cause, he wants to help the cause.
If a person does an important task, he will feel happy.
If a person spends time with her family, he will feel content.
A person sees doctors in order to get better.
If a person is run over by a motorcycle, he is badly injured as a result.
If a person gets used to a different lifestyle, he will feel comfortable.
If a person goes to a place and eats, he will feel satisfied.
A person helps others practice in order to help PersonY improve.
If a person reads some news, he learns something new as a result.
If a person is triumphant, he wants to celebrate.
A person takes an adventure in order to see the world.
If a person is able to get a hold of it, he wants to use it.
A person wants others to repeat it in order to make sure PersonY understands.
A person continues to have a good life in order to live a happy life.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person has a frustrating day, he is angry as a result.
If a person gets sick, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person gets a tape recorder, he is able to tape conversations as a result.
If a person doesn't like something, he wants to change the situation.
If a person and others enjoys one another's company, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person takes a scientific approach, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person cares for others's feeling, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person avoids distracting tasks in order to concentrate on her work.
If a person is kind to himself, he will feel good.
A person needs to be in the room in order to be part of the conversation.
If a person sits in a recliner, he will feel comfortable.
If a person watches the funny television program, he will feel amused.
If a person feels sad, he wants to feel better.
If a person starts to wonder about others's story, he wants to find out more.
If a person is interested in the dispute, he wants to solve the dispute.
If a person detests others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
A person makes a commitment in order to make a difference.
If a person learns to defend herself, he will feel strong.
A person makes plans to rent out office space in order to make money.
If a person has finished dinner, he will feel full.
If a person has a good attitude, he will feel confident.
If a person declares a day of rest, he will feel peaceful.
If a person publishes a popular book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person tries to convince the crowd, he will feel persuasive.
If a person learns from her mistake, he wants to do better.
A person prepares to do some work in order to get ready for a new task.
A person tries to put on makeup in order to look pretty.
If a person sorts out his life, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to get others alone in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person is distracted by the lights, he loses concentration as a result.
A person stops an argument in order to keep the peace.
If a person listens to the preacher, he will feel attentive.
If a person stands up to authority, he will feel courageous.
If a person wants to learn more, he gets more knowledge as a result.
If a person has found a new hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person likes to sing, he wants to sing more.
If a person is playing games, he will feel excited.
If a person gets what he wants, he is happy as a result.
A person begins training in his new job in order to be prepared for the new job.
If a person was well taken care of by others, he will feel content.
If a person practices self-control, he will feel relaxed.
If a person asks the Lord for advice, he receives guidance as a result.
If a person gets a little boost, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets the mistake, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person stops by a fire, he will feel warm.
If a person returns to his hometown, he visits his family as a result.
If a person throws others a surprise party, he will feel pleased.
If a person has 'had it' with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
A person takes courses at school in order to be a good student.
If a person chooses the wrong battle, he loses the battle as a result.
If a person performs a good deed, he will feel happy.
A person plots some more in order to think about the plan.
If a person has accepted others's apology, he is pleased with PersonY's apology as a result.
If a person reads from a book of others, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person takes control of the situation, he will feel powerful.
If a person learns to pick locks, he will feel competent.
If a person bought something at the store, he will feel pleased.
If a person argues about things, he will feel angry.
If a person finds fault with the report, he wants to fix the report.
If a person wants to get along with others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person drives to the theater, he sees a play as a result.
If a person establishes a friendship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person enjoys it, he will feel relaxed.
A person tells the whole class in order to share his experience.
If a person knew his lessons, he will feel prepared.
If a person is in the running, he will feel hopeful.
A person applies for college in order to pursue his dream.
If a person takes a walk around the neighborhood, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks about taking a stand, he is inspired to speak out as a result.
If a person notices that others is unwell, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person arranges for something to be taken care of, he will feel in control.
If a person finds some time to read, he will feel content.
If a person lands a great job, he is happy as a result.
If a person goes to a pub, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person reads a work about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person purchases a sports car, he is happy as a result.
If a person indulges in a meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts meditating in order to calm down.
If a person practices faithfully, he improves his skills as a result.
A person listens with care in order to be a good listener.
If a person worries about his school work, he will feel tense.
If a person hits something, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person enjoys a lovely walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person arranges meetings, he will feel organized.
If a person regrets her choices, he wants to change her ways.
If a person was given some good advice, he will feel happy.
If a person finally gets what he or she wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a bad month, he will feel stressed.
If a person is moving up, he will feel confident.
If a person does not like to lie, he tells the truth as a result.
If a person is subjected to continuous carousing, he is drunk as a result.
If a person gets a simple explanation, he understands the concept as a result.
If a person is considered for a job, he wants to get the job.
A person does some experimenting in order to see what happens.
If a person keeps taking more and more jobs, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person wants to start a career, he wants to work on his resume.
A person measures her ingredients in order to be sure of the ingredients.
If a person performs tasks, he will feel motivated.
A person goes to a lawyer in order to have a legal document.
If a person gets into a row, he will feel angry.
If a person tries new stuff, he enjoys new experiences as a result.
If a person notices there's something wrong, he wants to fix it.
If a person has a great time at the club, he will feel excited.
If a person is going out, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences an incredible sight, he will feel excited.
If a person pays off debts, he will feel free.
A person practices French with others in order to be better at French.
If a person puts on his wedding dress, he will feel happy.
If a person picks a winning horse, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks that others is a nice person, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person overcomes death, he will feel triumphant.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening at home, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a lot to do, he will feel stressed.
If a person appreciates others's actions, he will feel content.
A person tries to fight back in order to be stronger.
If a person persuades others to buy the computer, he will feel good.
If a person agrees to the plan, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been depressed lately, he wants to feel better.
If a person watched TV with others, he is entertained as a result.
If a person tries his hand at a new hobby, he wants to do more of that hobby.
If a person takes great interest in things, he will feel stimulated.
If a person gets to tell others to forget about that, he will feel in control.
If a person beats others at last, he will feel confident.
If a person continues to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person climbs to the top, he is promoted as a result.
A person stops to think about others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person is perplexed by a sudden change in plans, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person cooks for guests, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person has a peaceful night, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is careful not to disrupt others, he will feel respectful.
If a person thinks others is kind, he likes PersonY as a result.
A person helps others through thick and thin in order to be a good friend.
If a person attends a computer class, he will feel interested.
If a person dislikes the plan, he is angry as a result.
If a person struggles with his feelings, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person wins a bike race, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to move forward, he will feel optimistic.
If a person plans to lead an active life, he gets fit as a result.
A person stopped over at others's home in order to see PersonY.
If a person watches the stars, he is fascinated by the stars as a result.
If a person shows you a good time, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes to agreement, he wants to keep his agreement.
If a person and others do a project together, he and PersonY work well together as a result.
A person helps his friend in order to be a good friend.
A person gets out of the apartment in order to live on her own.
If a person got distracted, he lost his train of thought as a result.
A person opens up about himself in order to be honest.
If a person is quite independent, he will feel in control.
If a person has the strength to bear it, he does not give up as a result.
A person begins traveling in order to explore the world.
If a person practices dance, he becomes a dancer as a result.
If a person gets started, he will feel determined.
A person takes  to the doctor in order to make sure PersonX is okay.
If a person hears a distressing rumour, he becomes worried as a result.
If a person wonders if others cares, he wants to be sure PersonY cares.
A person takes an art class in order to improve her art skills.
If a person follows a routine, he will feel comfortable.
A person looks it up on the Internet in order to know more about a subject.
If a person puts on his make-up, he looks beautiful as a result.
A person tries to hit others with a hard object in order to make PersonY feel pain.
A person has a music lesson in order to learn an instrument.
If a person builds a good rapport, he will feel happy.
If a person has come to the party, he will feel happy.
A person starts the conversation in order to talk to the other characters.
If a person experiences a strange noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person receives closure, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to go to college, he will feel happy.
If a person sees the world in a new way, he will feel inspired.
A person studies a table of facts in order to memorize the facts.
If a person sees the mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person can no longer tolerate it, he wants to quit.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he will feel pleased.
If a person manages to achieve it, he will feel happy.
If a person injures himself during boxing, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets rid of some useless stuff, he feels lighter as a result.
If a person means well, he is appreciated as a result.
A person works on a new piece of software in order to create a new product.
If a person realizes she has been wrong, he wants to apologize.
A person listens to the reason in order to understand the reason.
If a person makes a speech to the crowd, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person is tired of the situation, he wants to be free.
If a person makes a plan to deal with others, he will feel determined.
If a person makes a good impression, he will feel good.
If a person is suffering, he wants to feel better.
If a person organizes a good party, he will feel happy.
If a person sends others a get-well card, he will feel supportive.
If a person suffers hardship, he is upset as a result.
If a person receives communion, he will feel reverent.
If a person finally gets some rest, he will feel peaceful.
A person insists on going to university in order to achieve his goals.
A person returns to her parents' home in order to be close to her family.
If a person had been trying, he wants to succeed.
If a person feels discouraged, he wants to feel better.
A person begins painting again in order to be creative.
If a person is with his friends, he will feel happy.
If a person figures out the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person rests in the shade, he will feel comfortable.
A person waits for her friends in order to be with her friends.
If a person encounters frustration, he wants to feel less frustrated.
A person draws attention to the illegal in order to make sure the illegal activity is stopped.
A person visits person X's house in order to meet person X.
If a person buys a new bike, he will feel excited.
If a person serves as head of household, he will feel responsible.
If a person makes a detailed plan, he will feel organized.
If a person studies the sky, he wants to see the stars.
If a person takes part in an exercise class, he wants to go to the gym.
A person drives to a store in order to buy something.
If a person visits sick people, he is seen as compassionate.
If a person begins to get ahead, he will feel confident.
If a person is attacked by a pit bull, he is injured as a result.
A person made lots of work for himself in order to be self sufficient.
If a person gets the result, he will feel pleased.
If a person accepts the offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person realizes his guilt, he wants to confess.
If a person enjoys talking to others, he wants to talk to PersonY more.
A person tries to stop the progress in order to maintain the status quo.
If a person finds something special, he will feel pleased.
A person gives in and apologizes in order to make amends.
A person sings his heart out in order to show his love for music.
If a person needs to get somewhere, he wants to get there quickly.
If a person puts on good clothes, he will feel good.
If a person fixes the thing, he will feel happy.
A person and others make a date to get together in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person bought a puppy, he wants to take care of the puppy.
If a person returns to his hometown, he wants to visit his family.
A person invites others for breakfast in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has a pleasant dream, he wakes up happy as a result.
If a person spends the day studying a medicine, he will feel interested.
If a person watches videos on television, he will feel entertained.
If a person meets with people, he is seen as friendly.
If a person asks a person to give advice, he receives advice as a result.
A person is collecting old newspapers in order to read old newspapers.
A person keeps eye on personY in order to be aware of people.
If a person thinks of new possibilities, he will feel creative.
If a person talks with a doctor, he will feel informed.
If a person knows that others will love the gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person is near a fireplace, he will feel warm.
If a person is angry with others for having said that, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person does the right thing, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to begin cooking in order to learn a new skill.
A person goes off with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person works on an assignment in order to finish the assignment.
If a person joins a marathon, he will feel determined.
If a person improves his lifestyle, he is happier as a result.
If a person finds her view of herself is incomplete, he wants to complete her self-image.
If a person works out a deal, he will feel happy.
A person reads all night in order to get more knowledge.
If a person gets rid of some useless stuff, he will feel liberated.
If a person is worried about it, he wants to be reassured.
If a person finds a hobby, he will feel content.
If a person makes peace, he will feel relieved.
If a person agrees to plan his future, he is happy as a result.
If a person has an opinion, he wants to share his opinion.
If a person hits the road, he will feel energetic.
If a person sees the worst coming, he will feel fearful.
If a person trains his pigeons, he ’s pigeons fly well as a result.
A person feeds the kitten in order to help the kitten.
If a person agrees to seeing a counselor, he will feel motivated.
If a person is fed, he will feel full.
If a person thanks others for treating him well, he will feel happy.
If a person talks to others’s friends, he learns about PersonY’s friends as a result.
If a person meets with the other students, he wants to talk to the other students.
If a person learns how to make money, he will feel successful.
If a person entertains guests, he makes a good impression as a result.
If a person remembers an unpleasant thing, he will feel unhappy.
If a person keeps climbing the ladder, he will feel powerful.
A person tries to avoid being involved in order to avoid being hurt.
If a person learns to do, he will feel competent.
A person tries to move in order to be independent.
A person tells others that they are starting over in order to have a fresh start.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he will feel joyful.
A person starts to investigate in order to solve the mystery.
If a person is a member of a new club, he will feel accepted.
If a person thinks of a new business, he wants to get started.
If a person waffles over a decision, he will feel anxious.
A person drinks two glasses of water in order to stay hydrated.
A person makes an arrangement with others in order to help PersonY.
A person drives to others's in order to meet PersonY.
If a person makes a single rational decision, he will feel wise.
If a person finds herself attracted to others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person works out at the gym, he wants to stay in shape.
If a person sits patiently, he will feel calm.
If a person receives clarification, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person learns to be self-sufficient, he will feel confident.
A person goes to a general store in order to buy some food.
If a person takes his meds, he will feel normal.
If a person buys a home, he is happy as a result.
If a person has fun with the family, he is popular with the family as a result.
If a person’s mother is going to die, he is worried as a result.
A person joins others's team in order to help PersonY.
If a person grinds into gear, he will feel strong.
If a person and others collide, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person attends others’s show, he will feel entertained.
If a person is satisfied with others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person makes plans for others in order to make sure PersonY is taken care of.
A person uses a fast method in order to be efficient.
A person adds water to the plants in order to make sure the plants are watered.
A person prepares for school in order to do well in school.
If a person achieves her dream, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person brings along his notepad, he is able to take notes as a result.
If a person eats something special, he will feel full.
If a person gets lost in a large city, he wants to find his way home.
A person tries to call the police in order to be able to get help.
A person examines the knife in order to know more about the knife.
If a person is introduced to a character, he wants to know more about the character.
If a person dances in the park, he will feel happy.
If a person accepted others's help, he will feel supported.
If a person trains two hours a day, he will feel fit.
If a person gets to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person cannot get it together, he is frustrated as a result.
If a person puts on some new clothes, he wants to wear them.
If a person leaves with a smile, he will feel relaxed.
If a person visits her home after several years, he wants to see her family.
If a person takes regular walks, he is seen as health-conscious.
If a person fixes the room, he will feel satisfied.
If a person always puts everything back in place, he will feel tidy.
If a person considers that theory, he will feel curious.
If a person watches closely, he will feel cautious.
If a person meets her ideal partner, he and her partner are happy as a result.
If a person arranges for a get-together, he meets his friends as a result.
If a person has a future, he will feel optimistic.
If a person sleeps for long periods, he gets better sleep as a result.
If a person is fed up with the present situation, he wants to change things.
A person calls his friend in order to talk to his friend.
A person visits the family in order to be with his family.
If a person begged to be excused, he is allowed to leave as a result.
If a person is fed up with waiting, he gets angry as a result.
If a person isn’t done with others, he wants to finish the job.
A person orders the same dish as before in order to repeat the same experience.
If a person fixes a leak, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts singing a song, he will feel happy.
If a person gets answers, he learns more as a result.
If a person is given a good life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person moves a lot, he is seen as adventurous.
If a person gets a better job, he earns more money as a result.
A person decides to push through in order to achieve her goal.
If a person tries to produce her best work, he will feel productive.
A person starts a new job in order to earn money.
If a person discovers a silver lining, he will feel delighted.
If a person doesn't want to disappoint others, he does not disappoint PersonY as a result.
If a person joins a construction crew, he will feel productive.
If a person turns on the shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person becomes comfortable with others, he will feel content.
If a person takes an important step, he will feel confident.
A person stops, looks at, and listens to something in order to understand something.
A person questions others's religious beliefs in order to learn more about PersonY's beliefs.
A person walks down the beach in order to enjoy the beach.
A person keeps his head up in order to stay positive.
If a person felt too much pain, he wants to stop feeling pain.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes irate, he wants to yell.
If a person becomes accustomed to a job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person explores new possibilities, he discovers new interests as a result.
If a person takes it to the next level, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks good thoughts, he will feel peaceful.
If a person shares music with others, he will feel connected.
If a person completes his work, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets to walk, he will feel healthy.
If a person persuades others to stay, he will feel confident.
If a person has a good relationship with his parents, he will feel secure.
If a person is trained in everything, he is very skilled as a result.
If a person begins to see a therapist, he begins to make progress as a result.
If a person persuades others to spend time with her, he will feel pleased.
If a person realizes that others has disappeared, he searches for PersonY as a result.
If a person visits others's mother, he gets to know PersonY's mother as a result.
A person gives others some information in order to help PersonY.
If a person enjoys this city, he wants to live here.
If a person starts to read the paper, he will feel curious.
A person accepts help from others in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person uses lotion on her hands, he will feel refreshed.
If a person wins prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes something by hand, he will feel creative.
If a person doesn't like living here, he wants to move out.
If a person works without stopping, he will feel productive.
If a person is made to work hard by others, he works hard as a result.
If a person learns more about life, he gains wisdom as a result.
A person attends an AA meeting in order to be sober.
If a person explores the possibility, he will feel intrigued.
If a person acts in a socially acceptable manner, he will feel accepted.
If a person heads for the store, he wants to get some groceries.
If a person accuses others of cheating, he wants to prove PersonY is cheating.
If a person has an interest in history, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has something stolen, he wants to get it back.
A person walks through the field in order to explore.
If a person and others go to the concert, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person gets a new drink, he will feel satisfied.
If a person breaks into a jog, he will feel energized.
If a person manages to write something, he will feel successful.
If a person reads the book and gave it to others, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person reads the books, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person contacts others in order to get PersonY's help.
If a person and others resolve their conflict, he will feel peaceful.
If a person approaches some of the luggage, he wants to find out what is in the luggage.
If a person sits down to watch a film, he will feel entertained.
If a person likes a recipe, he wants to make the recipe.
If a person feels calmer, he will feel content.
If a person has a chat with others's friends, he learns about PersonY's friends as a result.
If a person is not sure where he came from, he will feel puzzled.
If a person sings along to his iPod, he will feel happy.
If a person has terrible news, he is upset as a result.
If a person finds himself on a tour with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person went to the beach in order to be close to nature.
If a person smells a terrible odor, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person continues moving forward, he gets better as a result.
If a person knows how to defend itself, he is safe as a result.
If a person got a job, he earns more money as a result.
A person dresses in the classic clothing in order to look the part.
If a person dedicates her life to God, he will feel joyful.
If a person finds a chair to sit on, he will feel comfortable.
If a person hits the target, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits a grocery store, he buys a few items as a result.
If a person explains his reasons, he wants to be understood.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he wants to get a new job.
If a person cross-examines others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys to talk with others, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets a wash and set, he will feel cared for.
If a person has problem with others, he is not friends with PersonY as a result.
A person publishes a post online in order to express her feelings.
If a person learns something interesting, he is pleased as a result.
A person tells about herself in order to share her experiences.
If a person learns how to play the piano, he becomes a better pianist as a result.
If a person tries hard to finish the project, he will feel determined.
If a person tries it out and notices, he likes it as a result.
If a person thinks it’s too quiet, he wants to make noise.
If a person thinks about the consequences, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person makes a good suggestion, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to start again, he will feel inspired.
If a person establishes her rights, he will feel empowered.
If a person puts on some music, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to solve the case.
If a person takes up oil painting, he gets better at painting as a result.
If a person gets into a fight with someone, he will feel upset.
If a person studies for exam, he will feel motivated.
A person returns to his mother's house in order to spend time with his mother.
If a person has an excellent job, he will feel proud.
If a person beats it, he will feel strong.
If a person likes to take showers, he is clean as a result.
If a person wins a football game, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person fixes a problem, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes care of his own in order to be independent.
A person wants to work with others in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person finally has a really big meal, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person thinks about his childhood, he feels nostalgic as a result.
If a person continues her research, he will feel motivated.
If a person trains all day, he is seen as diligent.
If a person does not know what is to come, he will feel uncertain.
If a person reads an unusual book, he will feel intrigued.
If a person learns to defend himself, he will feel safe.
If a person is reunited with his wife, he will feel joyful.
If a person and others go on a trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is hurt in a fire, he has burns as a result.
If a person and others suddenly fall in love, he wants to marry PersonY.
A person joins a writers’ group in order to improve her writing skills.
If a person finds an answer, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes some time out in order to recharge.
If a person starts to like school, he wants to learn more.
A person calls a truce in order to avoid a fight.
A person writes a good word for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person wants to be a good citizen, he wants to help others.
If a person drinks vodka from the bottle, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person puts the past behind him, he will feel relaxed.
If a person listens to her radio, he will feel interested.
If a person works in others's garden, he learns to garden as a result.
If a person learns to do it by himself, he gets the hang of it as a result.
If a person finds himself in a dangerous situation, he will feel frightened.
A person gets to know others well in order to be friendly with PersonY.
If a person begins to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person frees the slaves, he will feel victorious.
If a person plays with ball, he has fun as a result.
If a person considers an idea, he wants to make a decision.
If a person got married again, he is a happily married man as a result.
If a person makes sense of things, he will feel wise.
If a person enjoys being on time, he is a punctual person as a result.
If a person is nice to people, he is liked by people as a result.
If a person wants to make a difference, he wants to be a leader.
A person takes a cooking class in order to be a better cook.
A person starts at the university in order to study.
If a person reads the text, he wants to know what it says.
If a person has a backup plan, he is prepared for any emergency as a result.
If a person gets the chance, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others work out, he wants to be fit.
If a person dined at an expensive restaurant, he will feel pampered.
A person goes on a tour in order to see the world.
If a person can't bear it, he cries as a result.
If a person purchases clothes, he is dressed well as a result.
If a person and others argues over a parking space, he and PersonY are both angry as a result.
If a person carries out the job, he is seen as efficient.
If a person gets to hang out with others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person dances the salsa, he will feel happy.
If a person lands a job, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others take the day off, he will feel free.
A person types letters on a keyboard in order to communicate with others.
A person takes a picture of her artwork in order to show her artwork to others.
A person practices meditation in order to be more calm.
If a person works out hard, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person investigates the case, he wants to solve the case.
If a person wins a contest, he will feel proud.
A person tries to get on a bike in order to be more active.
If a person writes for a living, he will feel productive.
If a person takes the car for a test drive, he wants to drive the car.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he will feel pleased.
If a person gains a new award, he is pleased as a result.
If a person joins in on the conversation, he will feel included.
If a person participates in the arts, he will feel creative.
If a person is encouraged to tell the truth, he tells the truth as a result.
If a person has a feeling of nostalgia, he wants to remember the past.
If a person picks her brain, he wants to know more.
If a person takes down the house, he will feel victorious.
A person looks it up on the computer in order to know more about the subject.
If a person wants to pay attention, he wants to be a good student.
If a person thinks about fleeing, he will feel anxious.
If a person buys a bunch of stuff, he will feel pleased.
If a person is guided by her faith, he will feel at peace.
If a person is the loser, he will feel defeated.
If a person dines out in a French restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes into therapy in order to heal.
If a person is well liked, he will feel respected.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he will feel relieved.
If a person takes the right step, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences discomfort, he wants to feel better.
If a person has taken to the drink, he is in a bad way as a result.
If a person’s feeling is hurt, he is angry as a result.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he will feel content.
If a person watches others cheerfully, he will feel amused.
If a person received a promise, he is pleased as a result.
A person requests not to be disturbed in order to have time to himself.
If a person tires of doing it, he wants to do something else.
If a person has a very good idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person resorts to prayer, he will feel at peace.
If a person trains at the gym, he will feel energetic.
A person is always there for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person attends an event with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person's hopes were realized, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees a strange noise, he goes to investigate as a result.
If a person is ready to look ahead, he will feel confident.
If a person keeps his promises, he will feel trustworthy.
If a person does not feel too well, he wants to feel better.
A person walks along the seashore in order to be close to nature.
If a person wakes up in a cage, he will feel trapped.
If a person pays close attention, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries out for the team, he is on the team as a result.
If a person makes progress on the project, he will feel confident.
If a person suddenly made a stand, he will feel strong.
If a person is jolted by an emergency, he wants to go to the hospital.
If a person visits the site, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is said to have a good personality, he will feel happy.
If a person stands up to bullies, he will feel brave.
A person has some questions in order to know more about the situation.
If a person acquires knowledge, he is smarter as a result.
If a person used it for a demonstration, he wants to show it to someone else.
If a person drinks alcoholic beverages, he gets drunk as a result.
A person learns to be diplomatic in order to be able to deal with others.
If a person hears great news, he will feel excited.
If a person acts with confidence, he will feel powerful.
A person went on a trip in order to see the world.
If a person buys the perfect birthday gift, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes a great role model, he is appreciated by his peers as a result.
A person makes a phone call for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person engages in foreplay, he will feel turned on.
If a person gets some advice from others, he will feel helped.
If a person takes it in stride, he will feel calm.
If a person is trapped in the rain, he is drenched as a result.
If a person chooses his own path, he will feel free.
A person waits for Emma in order to be able to see Emma.
If a person reaches an agreement, he is happy as a result.
A person insists on seeing the manager in order to resolve the problem.
If a person feels too guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person wants to get the facts, he learns about the subject as a result.
If a person jogs in the park, he will feel relaxed.
If a person filled out a job application, he wants to be hired.
If a person has great delight, he wants to share his delight.
If a person fails to fathom it, he will feel mystified.
A person studies the piano in order to be a good pianist.
If a person is successful in an event, he will feel confident.
If a person learns something useful, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies the reading material, he learns to read as a result.
A person attempts to use reason in order to make the right decision.
If a person makes an exciting discovery, he is happy as a result.
If a person drinks it, he will feel drunk.
If a person has great plans, he will feel excited.
If a person looks up some information, he wants to know more.
A person collects books in order to be well read.
A person discusses with others what has happened in order to tell PersonY what has happened.
If a person picks up books, he wants to study.
If a person explores the territory, he learns about the outdoors as a result.
If a person is of great help, he is thanked by the person as a result.
If a person takes action quickly, he will feel decisive.
If a person receives help from a stranger, he will feel cared for.
If a person has big problems at work, he will feel upset.
A person types a search query in order to find information.
A person avoids crime in order to be a good citizen.
If a person ponders the ramifications, he wants to know more.
A person shops for work clothes in order to look professional.
A person plans to travel abroad in order to experience new things.
If a person is enticed by others's wit, he wants to learn more about PersonY.
If a person works on multiple projects, he has a lot of work to do as a result.
If a person makes a good living, he will feel content.
If a person is alone on an island, he will feel isolated.
A person starts working on the Community Center in order to improve the community.
A person signs up for classes in order to get a degree.
If a person spends his money on drink, he is drunk as a result.
If a person has a massage, he will feel relaxed.
A person feeds others well in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person swims for exercise, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person outdoes himself, he will feel proud.
A person keeps to her routine in order to be organized.
A person writes down her signature in order to remember what she signed.
A person tells the whole class in order to share her knowledge.
If a person dances to a tune, he will feel amused.
If a person finds a warm place, he will feel content.
If a person puts on good clothes, he will feel dressed up.
If a person approaches a problem, he will feel motivated.
A person sends email to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person participates in protest in order to express his views.
If a person has a couple of beers, he will feel drunk.
A person puts on a business suit in order to look professional.
A person told others the whole story in order to be honest.
If a person gives up the fight, he will feel defeated.
If a person is dedicated to his job, he will feel inspired.
A person organizes others to work in order to make sure everyone is working.
If a person learns to respect others, he gets along with others as a result.
If a person has grown accustomed to her food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person walks to others's home, he wants to see PersonY.
If a person worries about Persons Y and Z, he wants to help Persons Y and Z.
A person celebrates others’s success in order to support PersonY.
A person would like to go abroad in order to experience a new culture.
If a person organizes the basement, he has a clean basement as a result.
A person jumped into the driver's seat in order to be in control.
If a person continues to wander, he will feel lost.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he will feel happy.
If a person takes extra precautions, he will feel alert.
A person sends out e-mail in order to be able to communicate with the world.
If a person meets with an accident, he is injured as a result.
A person reads an article on others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person eats the rest of his food, he is full as a result.
A person tries to get the door open in order to be able to get out of the house.
If a person is doing construction, he will feel productive.
If a person doesn't like loud noises, he wants to be quiet.
If a person gets more than five hours of sleep, he will feel refreshed.
If a person learns to get along with others, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is eating and sleeping well, he will feel content.
If a person wants to get along, he wants to be friends with everyone.
If a person insists on physical fitness, he will feel disciplined.
If a person goes to the person who can help him, he will feel supported.
If a person’s face wears a smile, he will feel content.
If a person listens to a strange noise, he will feel curious.
A person goes away on a long trip in order to get away from the house.
If a person enjoys going on walks with others, he will feel content.
If a person learns to defend herself, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person and others watch television, he will feel entertained.
If a person talks to others alone, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person keeps everything in balance, he will feel in control.
A person gets close to his mother in order to know his mother better.
A person helps others pack for college in order to help PersonY move on.
If a person decides to start exercising, he will feel energized.
If a person cares about the community, he wants to work for the community.
A person sells a lot of stuff in order to earn money.
If a person sees something on the horizon, he wants to know what it is.
If a person looks all around, he wants to see something.
If a person faces trouble, he will feel anxious.
If a person is sympathetic to others's questions, he wants to answer PersonY's questions.
If a person develops the product, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes great care to please, he wants to be the best.
A person goes back to work in order to make money.
If a person is appreciative of others's hard work, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person suffers from low self-esteem, he will feel sad.
A person begins to change in order to be a better person.
A person calls her friend in order to be able to talk to her friend.
If a person had a good idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes to the festival with her friends, he wants to have fun.
If a person commits to a plan, he feels confident as a result.
If a person seizes the day, he feels energized as a result.
If a person considers something strange, he wants to investigate.
If a person goes out with the kids, he has fun with the kids as a result.
If a person goes on a tropical vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person pays attention to details, he will feel organized.
A person talks with others about it in order to tell PersonY about it.
If a person starts off right, he has a good day as a result.
If a person does a little dance, he has fun as a result.
If a person does work at home, he will feel productive.
If a person takes care of an old man, he learns to be a caregiver as a result.
A person considers taking up the job in order to earn money.
A person heads to others’s home in order to see PersonY.
If a person finds something weird, he wants to know what it is.
If a person asks a question, he wants to be heard.
A person makes a present for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person talks to others about the accident in order to explain the accident to PersonY.
A person performs an investigation in order to find out the truth.
If a person becomes interested in a topic, he becomes knowledgeable about the topic as a result.
A person provides others with food in order to help PersonY.
If a person keeps reading others's blog, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a dispute with a business partner, he will feel irritated.
A person gets others to lie down in order to make PersonY more comfortable.
If a person is pressed to continue the work, he will feel stressed.
If a person reads the local newspaper, he learns about the news as a result.
If a person wins the contest, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts the relationship off right, he is happy as a result.
If a person realizes that the past can hurt, he wants to avoid the past.
If a person plans to go on a date, he wants to get ready for the date.
If a person watches the sunset from a hill, he has a beautiful view as a result.
If a person drinks some coffee, he will feel awake.
A person studies how to play chess in order to be good at chess.
A person goes to the range in order to improve her shooting.
A person read the rest of the book in order to finish the book.
If a person claims he was framed, he wants to prove his innocence.
If a person volunteers at a homeless shelter, he will feel helpful.
If a person enjoys making plans, he makes plans with friends as a result.
If a person sees others's scrapbook, he learns about PersonY's past as a result.
If a person saves for retirement, he is able to retire as a result.
If a person's head is exploding, he will feel in pain.
If a person helps at a rescue effort, he will feel useful.
If a person gets some exercise, he will feel satisfied.
If a person obtains data, he learns more about data as a result.
If a person attempts to start a project, he will feel hopeful.
A person starts working on a plan in order to get ahead.
If a person confronts fear, he conquers fear as a result.
A person decides to call everyone in order to keep in touch with everyone.
A person practices their aim in order to be a better marksman.
If a person joins the boxing team, he wants to get stronger.
A person continues going to school in order to be educated.
If a person and others go into a bookstore, he wants to read.
A person decides to begin martial arts training in order to be a better fighter.
If a person is surrounded by a mob, he will feel threatened.
A person paid attention during class in order to do well in school.
If a person makes good use of his time, he is happy as a result.
If a person is accepted at a prestigious university, he wants to stay in school.
If a person comes up with a new product, he will feel confident.
A person goes back to her roots in order to learn about her family.
If a person shows off his new dress, he will feel pretty.
A person tries to overcome in order to be successful.
If a person gets home and falls asleep, he has a good night’s sleep as a result.
If a person paints a masterpiece, he will feel satisfied.
A person cooks the duck in order to make the duck taste good.
A person waters the plants in order to be sure the plants are watered.
If a person takes a course in typing, he will feel challenged.
If a person attends a lecture on sex, he will feel curious.
If a person gets hugs, he will feel loved.
A person continues her journey in order to see the world.
If a person takes legal advice, he gets a lawyer as a result.
If a person can tolerate it no longer, he wants to quit.
If a person makes it work, he will feel successful.
If a person develops an attachment to others, he wants to keep PersonY around.
If a person learns to accept new ideas, he wants to learn new things.
If a person draws up a plan, he will feel determined.
If a person does not give up easily, he will feel confident.
A person calls others's home in order to talk to PersonY.
A person gives medicine to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person looks back on others, he has fond memories of PersonY as a result.
A person finds an excuse to leave the table in order to be alone.
If a person sees something bad, he becomes upset as a result.
If a person worries about her relationship, he wants to have a good relationship.
If a person takes his bicycle for a ride, he will feel energetic.
If a person considers that theory, he wants to think about it.
If a person becomes a hermit, he will feel alone.
If a person reads others's history, he understands the history as a result.
A person stays overnight at a friend's house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person enjoys learning, he will feel intelligent.
A person brings the necklace to others in order to be able to show PersonY the necklace.
If a person receives clarification, he will feel relieved.
A person takes his first shower in order to feel clean.
A person gets in touch with their family in order to be close to their family.
If a person defuses others's anger, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person puts on a concert in order to entertain the audience.
If a person feels frustrated with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
A person puts in a long day in order to be productive.
A person considers others's view in order to understand PersonY's view.
If a person gets a feel for the task, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes into the gym in order to be healthy.
If a person cooks a fine dinner, he will feel accomplished.
If a person goes to a rally, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to cope, he feels better as a result.
If a person feels wrong, he wants to feel right.
If a person got hurt, he is treated as a result.
A person dials a number in order to be able to talk to someone.
If a person finds what she was looking for, he is happy as a result.
A person enrolls in graduate school in order to improve his future.
If a person worries about others’s future, he wants to make sure PersonY has a good future.
A person has a special purpose in order to do something that will make a difference.
If a person finally moves on, he will feel happy.
A person goes to the bedroom in order to rest.
If a person and others were told to do their homework, he and PersonY did their homework as a result.
If a person goes to the bookmobile, he buys a book as a result.
If a person rubs elbows with high society, he will feel accepted.
If a person knows it will be dangerous, he will feel cautious.
If a person tells jokes, he gets laughs as a result.
If a person buys a house in the suburbs, he will feel pleased.
If a person notices the oddity, he will feel curious.
A person provides others with everything she needs in order to help PersonY.
If a person practices a pose, he wants to master the pose.
If a person receives unexpected news, he will feel shocked.
A person takes the pet to the vet in order to make sure the pet is okay.
If a person has a wonderful evening, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person turns in his homework, he will feel motivated.
A person makes his own marks in order to be independent.
A person is a subscriber of Nature in order to read the latest scientific articles.
If a person lets go of his fears, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is losing the war, he will feel defeated.
If a person complains about the flies, he wants to get rid of the flies.
If a person is cleaning up, he is neat as a result.
If a person learns not to shirk responsibilities, he wants to be more responsible.
A person studies some things in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person has a successful meeting, he will feel confident.
If a person is looking at a beautiful scenery, he is pleased as a result.
If a person and others see a great show, he will feel pleased.
If a person got married again, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps busy helping others, he will feel useful.
If a person is disturbed by others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person studies extra hard, he will feel inspired.
If a person lives by the rules, he will feel secure.
If a person showers at home, he will feel clean.
If a person finds it hard to go on, he will feel frustrated.
If a person talks about the glory days, he feels nostalgic as a result.
A person is practicing piano in order to improve her skills.
If a person completes his paper, he will feel accomplished.
If a person carries on a long discussion, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person gives others a good reference, he will feel good.
A person writes others an e-mail in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person considers options, he wants to do something.
If a person thinks they are in trouble, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person works on a piece of art, he completes the piece as a result.
If a person takes up exercise, he will feel healthy.
A person writes him a letter in order to tell him something.
If a person begins to finish the book, he will feel determined.
If a person decides to train martial arts, he is better at martial arts as a result.
A person tries to convince the crowd in order to get people to believe in him.
If a person gets the flowers, he is pleased as a result.
If a person persists in questioning others, he wants to find out the truth.
A person prepares a family meal in order to make his family happy.
If a person gets out of it, he will feel relieved.
If a person is threatened with a knife, he will feel frightened.
If a person is going on a shopping spree, he buys new clothes as a result.
A person considers switching schools in order to be in a better school.
If a person smells a stench, he wants to find out what is causing the smell.
A person wishes others a nice day in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person becomes a successful musician, he will feel satisfied.
A person works on others's accounts in order to help PersonY.
A person fixes the broken drawer in order to make sure the drawer is fixed.
A person gives the store a call in order to find out how the store is doing.
If a person learns more from persons, he becomes more informed as a result.
If a person gets a lot of work done, he is seen as smart.
A person writes a series of Internet messages in order to communicate with the outside world.
If a person’s friends are supportive, he will feel cared for.
If a person lands a contract, he is happy as a result.
If a person cannot face it anymore, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person does sit-ups, he will feel fit.
If a person persuades others to come back, he will feel successful.
If a person contacts others's family, he wants to know more about PersonY's family.
If a person considers the other person’s needs, he helps the other person as a result.
If a person visits the Eiffel Tower, he is impressed by the Eiffel Tower as a result.
If a person enjoys reading literature, he reads more as a result.
A person practices swinging in order to improve her swing.
If a person rests in a pub, he will feel calm.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he will feel satisfied.
If a person studies an advanced topic, he will feel challenged.
A person goes to his friend in order to spend time with his friend.
If a person decides to do something positive, he will feel happy.
If a person is reconciled with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person ponders life and the universe, he wants to figure out life.
A person sits down and relaxes in order to be refreshed.
If a person brings her project to a successful conclusion, he will feel accomplished.
A person trains long hours in order to be a better athlete.
A person talks to you in order to tell you something.
A person plants a forest in order to help the environment.
If a person finds a new way to make money, he will feel successful.
If a person explains it all, he will feel understood.
A person goes to a shop in order to buy something.
A person introduces others to a musical instrument in order to help PersonY.
If a person learns to play tennis, he will feel competent.
A person studies for the next exam in order to pass the exam.
A person and others buy a new house in order to be able to live in a nice house.
If a person was educated in America, he will feel cultured.
If a person writes others a thank-you note, he will feel appreciated.
A person makes a phone call on others's phone in order to speak to PersonY.
If a person gets a new idea, he will feel excited.
If a person got paid a lot, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a way to save the day, he will feel victorious.
A person helps to clean up in order to be helpful.
If a person creates a web page, he will feel productive.
If a person had a good conversation, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to fight someone in order to defend himself.
If a person is offended by insult, he becomes angry as a result.
A person starts on the job in order to make money.
If a person is verbally attacked, he will feel upset.
If a person has heard others's voice before, he feels a sense of familiarity as a result.
If a person buys a new guitar, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a prominent leader, he is recognized by his peers as a result.
If a person learns to behave, he is polite as a result.
If a person is serious about athletics, he wants to be a great athlete.
If a person checks out books from the library, he wants to read more.
If a person completes a degree, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is easily influenced by others, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person finally gets the job he wanted, he will feel relieved.
If a person is about to move to a new house, he will feel excited.
A person works hard in order to be a good employee.
If a person gets others to speak, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person worries about feeling trapped, he wants to be free.
If a person suffers from writer's block, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gets many books, he reads many books as a result.
If a person took offense, he got angry as a result.
If a person is professional, he is successful as a result.
If a person performs a favor for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person thinks about things he’s done wrong, he will feel guilty.
If a person anticipates triumph, he wants to feel good.
If a person thinks it over for a moment, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person returns to normal, he will feel content.
If a person learns to ride a bike, he becomes a better cyclist as a result.
A person joins an exercise class in order to be healthy.
If a person does it well, he will feel pleased.
If a person loves his family, he wants to be with his family.
If a person feels she is being watched, he will feel creeped out.
If a person thinks he knows what's best, he will feel confident.
If a person earns a fair wage, he will feel happy.
If a person takes karate, he learns self-defense as a result.
If a person has a successful pitch with good content, he will feel happy.
If a person gets beat up by a bully, he will feel upset.
A person will always be others’s friend in order to be loyal to PersonY.
If a person addresses the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person is very patient, he will feel relaxed.
A person calls the other side in order to get the other side's perspective.
If a person takes refuge in solitude, he will feel comforted.
A person stops by the farm in order to see the farm.
If a person has a lively conversation, he will feel interesting.
If a person has an interesting career, he will feel inspired.
A person checks whether others is fine in order to be sure that PersonY is okay.
If a person buys tickets to a concert, he will feel pleased.
If a person does something he regrets, he will feel ashamed.
If a person finds the right track, he will feel content.
If a person signs up for volunteer work, he learns about the community as a result.
If a person and others decide to do something together, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person gets water from others in order to stay hydrated.
If a person has a little party, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good experience, he will feel content.
If a person reads plenty of books, he is well-read as a result.
A person tries to do it immediately in order to be efficient.
If a person looks it up on the Internet, he will feel curious.
If a person examines an object, he wants to learn more about the object.
If a person has a brilliant idea, he wants to share his idea.
A person takes shower in order to feel clean.
If a person must do his job, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes an impulsive decision, he regrets his decision as a result.
If a person finds support, he will feel happy.
If a person questions others’s statement, he wants to know the truth.
If a person fights against the stereotypes, he will feel determined.
If a person lectures to the class, he is seen as authoritative.
If a person researches for a report, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes on without a hitch, he feels confident as a result.
If a person sings a song to cheer others up, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes out on top, he will feel confident.
If a person gets paid well, he is happy as a result.
A person has washed his hands in order to keep his hands clean.
If a person acquires property, he will feel satisfied.
A person tried to communicate in order to be able to communicate with others.
If a person doesn't like others's tie, he wants to get PersonY a new tie.
If a person is reminded of a painful past, he will feel upset.
If a person enjoys smelling others, he wants to smell more PersonY.
If a person studies a painting, he improves his painting skills as a result.
If a person finds himself in a strange situation, he feels out of place as a result.
A person goes to person Y's office in order to talk to person Y.
A person joins a protest in order to show his support for the cause.
A person helps others do her homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person remembers his time in the navy, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person gets his watch stolen, he wants to get his watch back.
If a person decides to take up an exercise, he gets fit as a result.
If a person goes out to have fun, he will feel excited.
If a person visits a gym, he wants to stay in shape.
If a person comes upon a new town, he wants to see what's new.
A person expresses his opinions in order to be heard.
If a person gets on the wrong bus, he wants to get on the right bus.
If a person begins writing, he will feel creative.
If a person is the world's leading expert, he is famous as a result.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person puts on her coat, he will feel warm.
If a person realizes he was wrong, he will feel regretful.
A person comes to the festival with her friends in order to spend time with her friends.
If a person works on solving conflict, he will feel challenged.
If a person learns much, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person has problems with the life, he wants to change the life.
If a person and others trip over each other, he and PersonY fall down as a result.
If a person is dedicated to his work, he will feel confident.
If a person finds the right apartment, he is happy as a result.
A person decides to wash in order to be clean.
If a person can tell there is a problem, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person has been taken seriously, he will feel important.
A person reads others's article in order to understand PersonY's article.
If a person has something to drink, he will feel drunk.
If a person signs up for others’s class, he will feel encouraged.
If a person took on a hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person climbs into bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person called for help, he gets help as a result.
If a person wants to get through the day, he gets through the day as a result.
If a person observes his surroundings, he will feel alert.
A person follows the instruction in order to do what is expected of him.
If a person gets back on his feet, he will feel hopeful.
If a person looks confused, he wants to understand.
If a person sets up a successful business, he will feel confident.
If a person exploits others's weaknesses, he gets the better of PersonY as a result.
If a person grinds into gear, he will feel determined.
If a person thinks for a while, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person chooses a flier, he is pleased with the flier as a result.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel hopeful.
A person approaches the closet in order to see what is in the closet.
If a person can't stand others, he is not friends with PersonY as a result.
If a person tries to achieve X, he will feel determined.
If a person meets her ideal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a basket of flowers, he will feel touched.
A person visits a spiritual leader in order to learn more about spirituality.
If a person has accomplished something, he wants to feel proud.
If a person feels pretty bad, he wants to feel better.
If a person receives a scholarship, he is able to attend college as a result.
If a person goes into therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person smells a rat, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person is always busy with work, he will feel stressed.
If a person knows how to take care of herself, he is independent as a result.
If a person stops to see what is happening, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person listens to his neighbors, he hears what they are saying as a result.
If a person gets upset with himself, he wants to feel better.
If a person has a lie-in, he will feel rested.
If a person suffers an illness, he will feel in pain.
A person creates a lot of art in order to express herself.
If a person is having a good time with others, he will feel content.
A person decides to participate in class in order to learn.
If a person reaches a new level, he is promoted as a result.
A person arranges dinner with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person uses his power, he will feel strong.
A person sees a therapist in order to work on his problems.
If a person is good at the game, he will feel pleased.
If a person dresses up for an evening out, he will feel excited.
A person walks on the street in order to get some exercise.
If a person has a great time at the club, he will feel happy.
A person gives a lot of money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is bullied at school, he will feel upset.
If a person sets up a successful business, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person starts to freeze, he wants to warm up.
If a person has a late night, he will feel tired.
A person peeks into the door in order to know what is on the other side.
If a person makes sure, he will feel confident.
If a person makes a living, he will feel productive.
If a person says he or she has been doing bad things, he wants to stop doing bad things.
If a person has an outstanding performance, he will feel proud.
If a person decides to pray, he wants to be more spiritual.
If a person comes to grips with something, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a lot of fun, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries not to panic, he doesn’t panic as a result.
A person tries to play the guitar in order to be a musician.
If a person learns a dance, he becomes a better dancer as a result.
If a person makes the best of things, he will feel happy.
If a person learns on the go, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person knows how to compromise, he gets along with others as a result.
If a person helps others clean up the apartment, he will feel helpful.
If a person lives by a schedule, he is punctual as a result.
If a person takes others aside, he wants to tell PersonY something.
A person takes on some tasks in order to help out.
If a person puts up with it, he doesn’t get angry as a result.
A person visits others's grandmother in order to spend time with PersonY's grandmother.
If a person buys a new dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person improves himself, he will feel pleased.
If a person invites personY to dinner, he gets to know personY as a result.
A person tries to get information in order to find out more about the case.
If a person deals with his issues, he feels better as a result.
A person decides to take a risk in order to do something new.
If a person values others’s help, he thanks PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to pray, he feels a sense of peace as a result.
If a person keeps an eye on, he is careful as a result.
If a person runs an online poll, he wants to know the results.
If a person is going to be very successful, he will feel confident.
If a person makes a lot of new friends, he will feel good.
A person drives her sister to work in order to help her sister.
A person reaches for the phone in order to call someone.
A person checks out the auditorium in order to learn more about the auditorium.
If a person relaxes with friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others are caught by the rain, he will feel drenched.
A person drives around the village in order to get to know the village.
If a person lives his life to the fullest, he will feel happy.
If a person is all over the place, he will feel chaotic.
If a person struggles to pay bills, he is in debt as a result.
If a person thinks that something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person sleeps well, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person finds another passion, he is happy as a result.
If a person engages in intellectual dialogue, he will feel smart.
A person takes a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person becomes active in social welfare work, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person achieves success, he will feel proud.
A person buys someone a gift in order to make someone happy.
A person picks out others's clothes in order to make PersonY look good.
If a person takes an art class, he will feel creative.
If a person regrets fighting others, he wants to apologize.
If a person takes a week long vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person's investment pays off, he will feel happy.
A person asks the waiter a question in order to learn more about the waiter.
If a person is fed up with hunting, he is not hunting anymore as a result.
If a person goofs around, he makes a fool of himself as a result.
A person prepares to leave the grounds in order to be independent.
If a person is fascinated, he wants to learn more.
If a person is skilled at making his point, he will feel persuasive.
If a person makes progress on the problem, he will feel encouraged.
If a person considers the benefits, he will feel positive.
If a person asks a serious question, he wants to get an answer.
A person makes a visit to others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person works out his problems in order to feel better.
If a person takes up painting, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person is suddenly disabled, he is unable to work as a result.
If a person went to the library, he reads a book as a result.
If a person becomes some kind of expert, he is promoted as a result.
If a person cracks down on crime, he will feel determined.
If a person overcomes fear with love, he will feel hopeful.
A person works in the yard in order to make the yard look nice.
If a person puts everything to rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has fun in another country, he will feel joyful.
If a person lands a great job, he will feel pleased.
If a person suspects others's behavior, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person's feelings hurt, he is angry as a result.
If a person becomes very good at reaching targets, he becomes a great shot as a result.
If a person has extraordinary willpower, he succeeds in the face of adversity as a result.
A person has studied English for a long time in order to improve her English.
If a person likes to sleep, he sleeps a lot as a result.
If a person has a look at the letter, he wants to read the letter.
If a person follows a path, he will feel determined.
If a person will have a bit of time off, he will feel free.
If a person's car overheats, he wants to take it to the shop.
If a person works the details, he will feel competent.
If a person discovers the problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person convinces others to take over, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks about his ancestors, he wants to find out more about his family.
If a person makes a series of bad investments, he loses money as a result.
If a person almost comes to blows, he will feel upset.
If a person learns to wait, he is patient as a result.
A person visits others’s website in order to see PersonY’s work.
A person is in a doctor's office in order to have a check up.
If a person becomes unsure, he wants to be sure.
If a person has troubles, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person drinks a large glass of wine, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person is looking at a beautiful scenery, he is happy as a result.
If a person goes to a health club, he will feel fit.
If a person loses it all, he is broke as a result.
If a person decides to ignore it, he doesn’t get upset as a result.
A person tries to carry out her plans in order to be successful.
If a person claims others was the one who did it, he wants to prove PersonY did it.
If a person runs to a doctor, he wants to get better.
If a person practices improvisation, he wants to perform.
If a person receives closure, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes immediate action, he will feel determined.
If a person experiences a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person acts on the same level as others, he will feel equal.
If a person suspects others to be unreliable, he does not trust PersonY as a result.
If a person knows what the tests mean, he will feel prepared.
If a person makes love to his wife, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others have fun together, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person is a good gardener, he has a beautiful garden as a result.
If a person sits next to the window, he is able to see the view as a result.
If a person learns to defend herself, he feels safer as a result.
If a person studies like crazy, he will feel focused.
If a person takes others on a road trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person has a good personality, he will feel confident.
If a person tries to take a walk, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person speaks with authority, he will feel in control.
If a person sees to it that the law is obeyed, he will feel confident.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he will feel happy.
If a person performs in-depth research, he learns more about the subject as a result.
If a person thinks and acts for himself, he learns to be independent as a result.
If a person is confused by the idea, he wants to understand.
If a person finds his own way, he is successful as a result.
If a person makes a case for something, he will feel convincing.
A person turns on his computer in order to be productive.
If a person and others practice dance moves, he and PersonY dance together as a result.
If a person stops lying to himself, he starts to live a more honest life as a result.
If a person expects others to follow through, he will feel hopeful.
A person takes a walk around the neighborhood in order to see what is going on.
If a person gains self-awareness, he learns to accept herself as a result.
If a person argues with the husband, he will feel angry.
If a person gets dragged into it, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person completes a long task, he is seen as competent.
If a person leaves, having obtained the supplies, he will feel victorious.
If a person's mother is in the hospital, he is concerned about his mother as a result.
A person continues building in order to make progress.
If a person receives great service, he feels good about the service as a result.
A person read the book in order to learn more about the book.
If a person and others work on a project together, he and PersonY get along well as a result.
If a person buys a good car, he will feel happy.
If a person reads the piece, he will feel interested.
If a person works on the home computer, he learns to use the computer as a result.
If a person sings in the car, he will feel content.
A person calls an attorney in order to have legal advice.
A person organizes the awards ceremony in order to make the awards ceremony a success.
If a person has a nice camera, he is pleased with his camera as a result.
If a person listens to reason, he wants to do what he is told.
If a person is trained to ride a bicycle, he will feel competent.
If a person interacts with other children, he is seen as kind.
A person learns to do something quickly in order to be efficient.
A person goes in for treatment in order to be well.
If a person regrets the whole idea, he wants to stop.
A person visits his neighbour in order to talk to his neighbour.
If a person thinks the couple are right for each other, he wants to help them get together.
If a person becomes aware of something, he wants to investigate.
If a person enjoys watching others’s moves, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers his talent, he wants to use his talent.
A person reads the bible in order to be spiritual.
If a person has a bright future, he will feel confident.
A person practices their aim in order to improve their aim.
If a person is interested in world affairs, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person prays for wisdom, he wants to know how to do things.
If a person learns to shoot basketballs, he gets better at basketball as a result.
If a person has plenty of furniture, he will feel comfortable.
If a person shows an interest in the matter, he learns about the subject as a result.
If a person convinces others to seek medical help, he will feel confident.
If a person outwits others, he will feel smart.
If a person finds others repulsive, he wants to stay away from PersonY.
A person visits others in order to be with PersonY.
A person plans to get others a gift in order to make PersonY happy.
A person gives others a makeover in order to make PersonY feel better.
A person consults with an attorney in order to get legal advice.
If a person buys tickets to the musical, he will feel excited.
If a person remains in the race, he will feel determined.
A person joins a network in order to connect with other people.
If a person runs into some people, he gets to know some people as a result.
If a person finds a comfortable couch, he enjoys his new couch as a result.
A person reaches out to others in order to get closer to PersonY.
If a person begins to feel sorry for others, he begins to be nicer to PersonY as a result.
If a person gets an invitation to an event, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets approval, he is happy as a result.
If a person dresses up for a party, he will feel sexy.
A person gives others a bath in order to help PersonY.
If a person reasons about a matter, he comes to a conclusion as a result.
If a person plants a vegetable garden, he has fresh vegetables as a result.
If a person has a good laugh, he will feel happy.
If a person sinks down in his chair, he will feel relaxed.
If a person shows friendliness to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person checks to see what is going on, he learns what is going on as a result.
If a person joins a cause, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person listens to the other side, he understands the other side as a result.
If a person is surrounded by family and friends, he will feel supported.
If a person lands a job at the company, he will feel happy.
If a person outdoes himself, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person provides a public talk, he is seen as articulate.
If a person becomes the man of the house, he will feel strong.
A person tries to keep order in order to be a good leader.
A person visits some old friends in order to reconnect with old friends.
If a person marries a nice girl, he will feel content.
If a person takes over others's computer, he gains access to PersonY's files as a result.
If a person went to the store, he buys some groceries as a result.
If a person turns the pages, he will feel entertained.
If a person is winning the battle, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is given a warm welcome, he is made to feel at home as a result.
A person looks for better ways to do it in order to be efficient.
If a person listens to a mix of music, he is an eclectic music fan as a result.
If a person worries over rumors, he wants to avoid rumors.
If a person listens to a record, he will feel entertained.
If a person attends a political meeting, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person says a little prayer, he will feel peaceful.
A person attends a meeting with his family in order to be close to his family.
If a person takes a relaxing walk, he will feel content.
A person plants flowers in her garden in order to make her garden beautiful.
If a person gets the wrong end of the stick, he will feel hurt.
A person and others bring the fruit to PersonZ in order to share the fruit with PersonZ.
If a person gets a fresh start, he will feel encouraged.
If a person thinks it’s fun, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person has others as a partner, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person puts a notice up in order to inform the community.
If a person gets close to others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person went to the beach, he had fun as a result.
If a person relaxes after hard work, he will feel content.
If a person works on the campaign, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person knows a lot about cooking, he is good at cooking as a result.
A person works for a long time in order to complete a task.
If a person likes to sit at home and read, he will feel relaxed.
If a person begins to lose track of time, he will feel distracted.
If a person seizes the spoils, he will feel triumphant.
A person goes to the house of others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person solves the murder, he will feel pleased.
If a person walks to the drugstore, he buys some medicine as a result.
A person starts in a new place in order to start a new life.
A person searches for a home in order to live in a place of his own.
If a person becomes discouraged, he wants to give up.
A person begins therapy in order to overcome his problems.
A person travels to a village in order to learn about the village.
If a person buys a new art kit, he will feel pleased.
If a person is very well armed, he will feel safe.
If a person looks through a file, he wants to know what's in the file.
If a person reaches an agreement, he will feel successful.
If a person explains the problems, he is seen as intelligent.
A person plays at the keyboard in order to express himself.
If a person spends a lot of time working, he will feel productive.
If a person works on multiple projects, he is seen as talented.
A person decides to talk with others in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person enjoys an early morning swim, he will feel refreshed.
If a person searches for the truth, he will feel determined.
If a person attends a seminar on marketing, he learns to market as a result.
If a person is recommended for a good job, he wants to work for a good company.
If a person pleads to local newspapers, he is interviewed by the press as a result.
A person gives others time in order to give PersonY a break.
A person tells a friend about it in order to be open about it.
If a person studies to pass a class, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns about culture, he becomes more cultured as a result.
If a person hangs out with new friends, he will feel happy.
If a person meets with others, he learns more about others as a result.
A person prepares for exams in order to do well in exams.
If a person sorts out the mess, he will feel relieved.
If a person has something good happen, he wants to be happy.
If a person gets help from his mother, he will feel cared for.
A person has a drink with an old friend in order to spend time with an old friend.
If a person has too many demands on his time, he will feel stressed.
If a person expresses a concern, he wants to be sure.
If a person becomes agitated, he wants to calm down.
A person begins to read the letter in order to find out what the letter says.
If a person agrees to go to college, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets an accident, he gets injured as a result.
If a person is in a long-term relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences a sense of peace, he is happy as a result.
If a person spends time with family, he will feel content.
A person studies an advanced topic in order to improve his skills.
A person goes on an evening walk in order to enjoy the evening.
If a person earns good money, he will feel satisfied.
A person did everything he could in order to make the best of his situation.
If a person practices every day, he will feel motivated.
A person works on his own in order to be independent.
A person counsels others in order to help PersonY.
If a person loses in battle, he will feel defeated.
A person passes on information in order to be helpful.
If a person heads to the club, he wants to get drunk.
If a person gets more than he can handle, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person realizes that his bike is gone, he wants to find his bike.
If a person speaks at length, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person is in peril, he wants to be safe.
If a person heads to phone booth, he makes a call as a result.
If a person does not know what to do about others, he will feel uncertain.
If a person is trained to work with the disadvantaged, he is seen as compassionate.
If a person becomes a big success, he will feel happy.
If a person receives an email, he reads the email as a result.
If a person handles it well, he will feel secure.
If a person lies in a hammock, he will feel relaxed.
If a person fends off a competitor, he will feel in control.
If a person has had an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person finds a good use for it, he is pleased with his find as a result.
If a person is in a dilemma, he wants to solve the problem.
A person deals with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person sees something interesting, he gets excited as a result.
If a person is singing in his room, he will feel happy.
A person is working on the homework in order to finish the homework.
If a person commits a sin, he will feel ashamed.
If a person lives in constant fear of others, he will feel anxious.
If a person believes that others is in trouble, he tries to help PersonY as a result.
A person surprises a friend in order to make a friend happy.
If a person puts on a suit, he will feel formal.
If a person expresses his thoughts, he will feel understood.
If a person’s mission succeeds, he is seen as competent.
If a person regrets selling others, he wants to get PersonY back.
If a person worries about a loved one, he wants to comfort the loved one.
If a person visits the health food store, he wants to eat healthy.
A person leaves the job in order to do something else.
A person goes on an expedition in order to see the world.
If a person is hurt on the job, he is treated for his injury as a result.
If a person really tries, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes confused, he wants to understand.
If a person does research on others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person takes the time to learn, he will feel motivated.
If a person is going to the library, he is studying as a result.
If a person feels that others is upset, he wants to comfort PersonY.
A person dines with a lover in order to have a romantic evening.
If a person beats others at a video game, he will feel triumphant.
If a person drinks an alcoholic beverage, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person sees others's point, he agrees with PersonY as a result.
If a person pays close attention, he will feel focused.
A person exchanges greetings in order to communicate with others.
A person takes a shower with others in order to be clean.
A person makes all preparations for the event in order to make sure everything is ready.
A person tries to break up a fight in order to be a peacemaker.
A person joins the fight in order to help the cause.
If a person cares for a pet, he will feel nurturing.
If a person reads a library book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person has a nice house, he will feel satisfied.
A person visits a public park in order to be outdoors.
If a person is the guest of honor, he is praised by the crowd as a result.
If a person buys a new house, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a trip to the zoo, he learns about animals as a result.
A person examines his mother in order to know his mother better.
If a person considers others a very good friend, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person enrolls in classes, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others do something nice for one another, he and PersonY become closer as a result.
If a person starts hanging out with others more, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person continues work, he will feel busy.
If a person announces good news, he will feel proud.
A person takes a stroll in the park in order to enjoy the fresh air.
If a person follows the directions, he does not get lost as a result.
If a person takes the lead in a race, he will feel confident.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he will feel motivated.
If a person considers what to do, he is unsure as a result.
If a person considers an option, he wants to make a decision.
If a person gets a small wound, he will feel a little pain.
If a person seeks out help, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person gives a good service, he will feel pleased.
A person teaches others how to do things in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets trained by a master, he is seen as talented.
If a person looks up to her, he will feel supported.
A person runs to her friend's house in order to spend time with her friend.
If a person researches information about others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person gets a little boost, he will feel delighted.
A person leaves the city in order to be free.
If a person studies even more, he will feel determined.
If a person can't accept the experience, he wants to reject the experience.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he is upset as a result.
If a person arranges the outcome, he will feel pleased.
A person decided to take it easy in order to be able to relax.
If a person dances with the children, he will feel playful.
If a person gets nervous, he wants to calm down.
A person walks along a beach in order to enjoy the beach.
If a person changes into a special uniform, he will feel special.
If a person has a drink with someone, he will feel friendly.
A person swerved and dodged the stick in order to avoid a collision.
A person tries to make peace with others in order to avoid conflict.
If a person thinks ahead of time, he will feel smart.
If a person eats something tasty, he is full as a result.
If a person lies down for a while, he will feel rested.
If a person becomes an activist, he wants to change the world.
If a person praises God, he will feel joyful.
If a person's feelings get hurt, he is angry as a result.
A person gets to the bottom of it in order to know the truth.
If a person listens to the music in others's car, he will feel entertained.
A person writes on a board in order to express her ideas.
If a person risks being late, he wants to be on time.
If a person knows not what to do, he will feel uncertain.
A person sets out on the journey in order to be independent.
A person talks about leaving in order to be free.
If a person starts up a chat room, he wants to meet new people.
If a person speaks out for the victim, he is seen as courageous.
If a person goes to temple, he becomes more religious as a result.
If a person and others discuss a plan, he and PersonY agree on a plan as a result.
If a person drops his drink, he spills his drink as a result.
If a person speaks of personal growth, he will feel enlightened.
A person asks the teacher for information in order to know more about the subject.
If a person recalls a moment in the past, he wants to remember the moment.
If a person thinks he's being followed, he will feel frightened.
If a person collects statistics, he has more knowledge as a result.
A person practices an art in order to improve her skills.
If a person takes charge of things, he will feel confident.
If a person is at a loss of words, he will feel perplexed.
If a person works on an environmental project, he learns about the environment as a result.
If a person toasts with champagne, he will feel happy.
If a person went out for a walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person dedicates effort to training, he becomes a better athlete as a result.
If a person resumes play, he will feel motivated.
If a person practices a pose, he wants to perfect the pose.
A person moves to another location in order to move on.
If a person gets well with time, he will feel confident.
If a person faces a disappointment, he will feel sad.
A person tries to fight back in order to protect himself.
If a person takes care of things, he will feel in control.
If a person runs off to play, he will feel energetic.
If a person worries about passing the test, he will feel tense.
A person joins an acting class in order to become an actor.
If a person responds to others's proposal, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person wants to avoid an argument, he does not argue as a result.
If a person builds a large company, he will feel successful.
If a person becomes good at French, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks a bunch of questions, he will feel interested.
If a person struggles in court, he will feel frustrated.
A person attempts to continue on in order to complete the task.
If a person reads the newspapers, he will feel curious.
A person explores new developments in order to be innovative.
If a person does not like the way others looks, he wants to change PersonY's appearance.
If a person listens to music on the radio, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person completes a homework assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gives himself a workout, he will feel energized.
If a person prepares for a competition, he will feel determined.
A person initiates a business plan in order to be independent.
If a person reaches the summit, he will feel triumphant.
If a person overcomes difficulties, he will feel relieved.
If a person sees some suspicious figures, he wants to investigate.
If a person entertains some friends, he is seen as a good host.
If a person removes the music from his car, he has a quieter ride as a result.
A person lets others be himself in order to respect PersonY's wishes.
If a person gets to know others well, he likes PersonY as a result.
A person trains hard in order to be strong.
If a person learns a craft, he will feel challenged.
If a person eats a new food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suffers an injustice, he wants to be treated fairly.
If a person becomes some kind of expert, he will feel superior.
If a person gets out of bed in the morning, he will feel energetic.
If a person devotes her time to God, he is happier as a result.
If a person goes to library, he learns to read as a result.
If a person gets himself a bath, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person organizes the trip, he will feel competent.
A person does school work in order to do well in school.
If a person writes a great symphony, he will feel accomplished.
A person tests the poison on himself in order to see if the poison is deadly.
A person considers to bring others back a gift in order to show PersonY that he cares.
If a person realizes her destiny, he wants to live her destiny.
If a person sees a therapist and starts seeing things more clearly, he has a better understanding of herself as a result.
If a person finds another job, he is happy as a result.
If a person worries about the outcome, he wants to make sure the outcome is good.
If a person gets ready to go out, he will feel excited.
If a person takes a trip to the beach, he will feel happy.
If a person investigates situations, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is inspired to dance, he will feel joyful.
A person has to get home in order to be with his family.
If a person becomes an active member, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets rid of the pain, he will feel relieved.
If a person dances to the fast beat, he will feel excited.
If a person paces back and forth, he will feel agitated.
A person is out on the town in order to have fun.
If a person wears formal clothes to work, he will feel sophisticated.
A person teaches others to use the computer in order to help PersonY.
A person works to make money in order to be financially independent.
If a person looks to others for guidance, he wants to follow PersonY's advice.
A person clarifies her expectations in order to be sure of what she wants.
If a person pays attention in class, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a responsibility to solve problems, he will feel challenged.
If a person accepts the gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel comfortable.
A person signs up for a class in order to learn something new.
If a person explores new possibilities, he will feel motivated.
If a person is unhappy with his cast, he wants to get rid of the cast.
A person learns to be diplomatic in order to have a positive relationship with other people.
A person exercises three times a week in order to be healthy.
If a person works out in the backyard, he is in better shape as a result.
A person gets back into school in order to be able to do well in school.
If a person and others dance in the street, he will feel joyful.
If a person watches Japanese movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person sees others wearing new clothes, he thinks PersonY is looking good as a result.
If a person turns to others for comfort, he will feel secure.
A person joined the army in order to serve his country.
A person helps an old woman in order to be helpful.
If a person learns how to play tennis, he is good at tennis as a result.
If a person claims the message is not what was expected, he wants to know what was expected.
A person shows up for work in order to be productive.
If a person dines and dates, he will feel romantic.
If a person starts a serious project, he will feel confident.
If a person attends church on Sunday, he will feel connected.
A person visits others on a Saturday morning in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person tries to meditate, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person feels cold, he wants to get warm.
If a person attends a church function, he will feel spiritual.
If a person completes a correspondence course, he will feel successful.
If a person finishes work, he will feel accomplished.
A person learns how to steer in order to become a better driver.
If a person decides to do this every year, he is happy as a result.
A person chooses not to give in in order to stay strong.
If a person uses this opportunity, he will feel successful.
If a person finds the house well-kept, he feels good about the house as a result.
If a person is much better now, he is happy as a result.
If a person identifies the error, he wants to correct the error.
A person fixes a friend's broken leg in order to help a friend.
If a person is curious about others's phone call, he wants to know what PersonY said.
A person investigates something in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person’s skills flourish, he will feel confident.
A person listens to others's comment in order to hear PersonY's opinion.
If a person has your support, he will feel confident.
If a person arrives at the coffee shop, he wants to get a cup of coffee.
If a person's hope is rewarded, he is happy as a result.
A person takes his dog for a walk in order to spend time with his dog.
If a person is an active member, he will feel committed.
A person records the performance in order to share the performance.
If a person discusses the problem, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person has good timing, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about others's intentions, he wants to make sure PersonY is being honest.
If a person starts with exercise, he will feel energetic.
A person works out at a gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person takes one of the books, he wants to read the book.
If a person has had enough of this, he wants to get out of this situation.
If a person handles tasks deftly, he will feel pleased.
A person reads about the case in order to learn more about the case.
If a person competes for others's position, he wants to get the job.
If a person talks to his friend in person, he will feel connected.
A person hunts it down in order to find the truth.
A person gives others the option to leave in order PersonY to be able to choose.
A person practices cooking in order to become a better cook.
If a person starts a small argument, he feels angry as a result.
If a person realizes that something is wrong, he wants to fix it.
A person is learning to dance in order to be a good dancer.
A person puts in extra hours in order to earn more money.
If a person incurs the wrath of others, he gets a scolding as a result.
If a person has a very good time, he will feel content.
A person buys all his books at one time in order to read all his books.
A person decides to study harder in order to be successful.
A person avoids walking under a ladder in order to avoid a mishap.
If a person lives his life to the fullest, he is happy as a result.
If a person has become successful, he is a rich man as a result.
If a person's job is stressful, he will feel upset.
If a person is interested in eating, he wants to eat a lot.
If a person prepares to compete, he will feel determined.
If a person is sick of being treated unfairly, he will feel resentful.
If a person works to hard, he becomes exhausted as a result.
A person decides to go to the party in order to have fun.
If a person investigates the situation, he will feel intrigued.
A person expands his spiritual horizons in order to be spiritually fulfilled.
A person gives others a meal in order to help PersonY.
If a person realizes he is hungry, he wants to eat.
A person asks others to listen in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person cannot put up with others any longer, he wants to move out.
A person plans the event in order to have a successful event.
If a person must justify, he wants to be right.
If a person has business interests in Europe, he travels to Europe as a result.
If a person sees a fine display, he will feel impressed.
If a person takes a rest from that, he will feel relaxed.
A person visits her sick mother in order to be there for her mother.
If a person finds that appealing, he will feel content.
A person turns to another page in order to continue reading.
A person does something nice for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person does sit-ups, he will feel motivated.
If a person burns with anger, he wants to scream.
If a person studies in order to pass the exam, he passes the exam as a result.
If a person gets some rest, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person keeps a home, work, and school schedule, he is organized as a result.
If a person likes the company of others, he will feel content.
If a person has anger management issues, he wants to be able to control his anger.
If a person makes all preparations for the event, he will feel confident.
If a person succeeds in studying, he will feel accomplished.
A person volunteers for the army in order to help his country.
If a person is going on a shopping spree, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes enchanted by others, he wants to see PersonY again.
If a person cooks something special, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns a new game, he will feel challenged.
If a person drinks a lot of milk, he will feel nourished.
If a person makes an early start, he is early for work as a result.
If a person lives his life to the fullest, he will feel joyful.
If a person joins a party, he has fun as a result.
If a person listens to someone’s problems, he is seen as compassionate.
If a person enjoys peace and quiet, he will feel content.
If a person receives lots of clothes, he looks good as a result.
If a person pleases the King, he will feel happy.
A person asks to speak with others in order to be alone with PersonY.
If a person achieves success, he is happy as a result.
If a person stays strong, he is able to resist temptation as a result.
If a person settles down to work, he wants to work hard.
If a person takes  to the doctor, he gets a checkup as a result.
A person practices improvisation in order to be more creative.
If a person sniffs out a sale, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is convinced of others's innocence, he wants to prove PersonY's innocence.
If a person has a loving relationship with others, he will feel content.
If a person joins an activist group, he becomes more politically active as a result.
A person writes in his notebook in order to record his thoughts.
A person builds a new home in order to live in a nice house.
If a person fixes it, he will feel pleased.
A person cleans up his room in order to be tidy.
If a person grabs a drink with friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person has a lively conversation, he will feel interested.
If a person swims the Channel, he is a good swimmer as a result.
If a person enjoys the moment, he will feel relaxed.
If a person enjoys this journey, he wants to keep going.
If a person learns about truthfulness, he wants to be honest.
A person reads this text in order to understand the book.
If a person overcomes adversity, he is successful as a result.
If a person spends time at the beach, he will feel relaxed.
A person stops and considers his options in order to think before acting.
If a person reaps the rewards, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wins over his enemies, he will feel triumphant.
If a person becomes the leader, he will feel empowered.
If a person buys a house, he will feel happy.
If a person drops by others's office, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets his past, he wants to change his past.
If a person is the boss's favorite, he will feel admired.
A person talks to her pets in order to be in touch with her pets.
If a person considers the best alternative, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person reaches the peak of perfection, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person works on himself, he gets better as a result.
A person goes for a walk in the mountains in order to enjoy nature.
If a person notices a stain on the rug, he wants to clean the rug.
A person searches for others's name online in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person talks to their therapist, he learns to communicate as a result.
A person shops for her sister in order to make her sister happy.
A person gives a money gift to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds the perfect purse, he will feel satisfied.
If a person mends his relationship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person decides to pursue academic studies in order to be smarter.
A person takes steps to join in order to be part of the community.
A person examines a vase in order to understand the vase.
If a person thinks that others is right, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person works up the courage to ask others out, he will feel hopeful.
If a person wins often, he will feel victorious.
A person tends to some work in order to finish the work.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he wants to go there.
If a person puts on some new clothes, he will feel pleased.
If a person can do anything he wants, he will feel in control.
If a person keeps the peace, he will feel secure.
If a person is fed up with the fight, he decides to call it quits as a result.
If a person asks the librarian for help, he will feel supported.
If a person and others makes up, he will feel pleased.
A person sends others a sweet e-mail in order to make PersonY happy.
A person talks to a doctor on the phone in order to get a medical opinion.
A person is involved in the project in order to help the project.
If a person notices something for the first time, he will feel intrigued.
If a person and others are back together, he will feel happy.
If a person is surprised by others's reason, he wants to know why.
If a person has found a new direction, he wants to try new things.
If a person does not overreact, he will feel calm.
If a person likes what others does, he wants to do what PersonY does.
If a person has been looking at the data, he wants to analyze the data.
If a person has a bitter argument with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person rolls in dirt, he is covered in dirt as a result.
If a person plays the instrument well, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others discuss politics, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person quietly visits others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person admits mistake, he wants to apologize.
If a person realizes he has made a mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person buys new furniture, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets back on the horse, he will feel confident.
If a person has a positive attitude, he wants to be a happy person.
A person takes others out to eat in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person thinks hard about others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person is fond of a place, he wants to visit the place.
If a person got a better offer, he will feel happy.
A person attends the top schools in order to be a successful student.
If a person has a good deal, he will feel happy.
A person opens an e-mail on her computer in order to see what's in the e-mail.
A person is exercising in order to stay healthy.
If a person polishes his car, he feels proud of his car as a result.
If a person talks about previous life, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person thinks about a plan, he finds a solution as a result.
If a person finds an employment offer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gains the admiration of others, he will feel respected.
A person wants to help out again in order to help out his family.
If a person enrolls in a school, he wants to study more.
If a person buys the art supplies, he is happy with the art supplies as a result.
If a person maintains a good record, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fights to get the upper hand, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets answers, he learns something as a result.
If a person is well-dressed, he will feel beautiful.
If a person agrees to something, he will feel pleased.
If a person pays attention to every action, he wants to be more careful.
If a person practices arts and crafts, he is good at arts and crafts as a result.
If a person finally gets help, he will feel relieved.
If a person is thrilled by an event, he wants to celebrate.
If a person sees a film, he will feel entertained.
A person sits down, for a change in order to relax.
A person is about to take a trip in order to see the world.
If a person wins first prize in a poetry contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person is suspicious of cheating, he wants to catch the cheater.
If a person joins a yoga class, he wants to be more flexible.
If a person trusts the expert, he will feel confident.
If a person continues to have a good life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds himself in a strange situation, he will feel confused.
A person calls Seth in order to talk to Seth.
If a person hears a sound in the night, he wants to find out what the sound is.
A person pursues a career in order to make a name for herself.
A person talks to her lawyer in order to resolve a legal issue.
If a person consults the help page, he gets help as a result.
A person makes himself clear in order to be honest.
If a person chooses to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person finds himself in an embarrassing situation, he will feel mortified.
If a person puts on some color, he will feel beautiful.
If a person signs a new job, he wants to make more money.
If a person gets a rebound, he will feel happy.
A person pretends to be another person in order to have a secret identity.
If a person and others liked working together, he will feel content.
If a person proves himself, he will feel strong.
A person tells good stories in order to be a good storyteller.
If a person is burdened, he will feel anxious.
If a person visits the opera, he will feel cultured.
If a person wins the elections, he will feel triumphant.
If a person attends a performance, he is entertained as a result.
If a person gets through it, he is successful as a result.
If a person goes to swim practice, he wants to be a swimmer.
A person tries a wine in order to taste a new wine.
If a person has a nice room, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets some bad news, he will feel disappointed.
If a person experiences depression, he wants to feel better.
If a person begins to feel trapped, he will feel frustrated.
If a person takes medicine, he gets better as a result.
If a person gets an explanation, he will feel understood.
If a person is dissatisfied with the room, he wants to move.
If a person sings along to his iPod, he will feel entertained.
A person observes for a while in order to understand a situation.
If a person read the report, he will feel interested.
A person decides to enroll in university in order to improve his life.
If a person reads the bedtime story, he will feel comforted.
If a person doubts his judgement, he wants to get a second opinion.
If a person convinces others to work for him, he will feel happy.
If a person visits his native country, he learns about his heritage as a result.
If a person stops to look at a store window, he will feel interested.
If a person is sensitive to noise, he wants to be quiet.
A person brings her cat to the veterinarian in order to keep her cat healthy.
If a person gives others a good assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes sound investments, he will feel confident.
If a person gets things done, he will feel competent.
If a person has a chance to show up others, he will feel superior.
A person takes steps to facilitate in order to make things easier for others.
If a person found a job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has studied English for a long time, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person is pretty straight-forward, he will feel honest.
If a person is overcome by rage, he is violent as a result.
If a person pays attention to a noise, he wants to hear the noise.
If a person has a successful meeting, he will feel satisfied.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he gets paranoid as a result.
If a person regrets some action, he wants to do better.
If a person learns from her mistake, he wants to make sure she doesn't make the same mistake again.
If a person drinks from a glass, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a romantic evening, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sees a really good concert, he will feel excited.
If a person accepts a gift from others, he will feel happy.
A person invests money in others's business in order to help PersonY.
If a person buys a sweater, he is pleased with the sweater as a result.
If a person gets more exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person provides for the greater good, he is appreciated as a result.
If a person gets the work done on time, he will feel pleased.
If a person's attitude improves, he wants to be nicer.
If a person puts his affairs in order, he will feel peaceful.
A person travels to distant lands in order to explore the world.
A person offers others a ride in order to help PersonY.
If a person deals with a situation, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person builds his business, he is successful as a result.
A person decodes a message in order to know what the message means.
If a person does not give up easily, he wants to get what he wants.
If a person cooks a fine dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person plays a good hand of poker, he will feel confident.
A person talks with the counter person in order to be able to speak to the counter person.
A person invites others out for ice cream in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person starts drinking, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person feels a threat, he wants to be safe.
If a person accepts others's word, he trusts PersonY as a result.
If a person and her team win, he will feel happy.
A person wanders through the house in order to see what is around him.
If a person works hard to achieve something, he achieves his goal as a result.
If a person is having a wonderful time, he will feel content.
A person tells everything to the last detail in order to remember everything.
If a person and others gather information, he will feel curious.
A person shares his or her research with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person's stock rises, he is promoted as a result.
A person helps out at the shelter in order to help animals.
If a person is fed up with waiting, he will feel angry.
If a person knows his job well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person invents a new way to solve the problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads a book on philosophy, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person trains 4 times a day in order to get better.
If a person has new friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person practices fencing, he gets better at fencing as a result.
If a person gets together with others in the department, he will feel comfortable.
If a person sorts out the mess, he will feel satisfied.
If a person making a complaint, he wants to be heard.
If a person eats a very good meal, he is full as a result.
If a person gets angry at someone, he wants to get revenge.
If a person is well-groomed, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes an adult, he is a responsible adult as a result.
If a person looks at something, he will feel curious.
If a person meets with others's parents, he learns to communicate with PersonY's parents as a result.
If a person has been losing a lot of money, he wants to stop losing money.
If a person worries about another person, he wants to help.
If a person looks for guidance, he receives advice as a result.
If a person thinks others's work is important, he wants to help PersonY.
A person visited the island in order to learn more about the island.
A person is drinking water in order to be hydrated.
If a person wins others’s approval, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a good offer, he is pleased as a result.
If a person cries for hours on the couch, he will feel depressed.
If a person tries a new cleaning product, he will feel clean.
If a person checks out the website, he wants to use the website.
If a person plays a radio, he gets the news as a result.
If a person decides to deal with a problem, he solves the problem as a result.
If a person improves his reputation, he is admired by his peers as a result.
A person decides to settle in order to have a stable life.
If a person takes an English class, he will feel interested.
If a person becomes a successful lawyer, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets help from the police, he will feel comforted.
If a person expects things to change, he will feel hopeful.
A person gives others a pause in order to give PersonY a moment to think.
A person moves to the countryside in order to be close to nature.
If a person and others admire the artwork, he will feel moved.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he will feel happy.
A person confronts others about others's behavior in order to get PersonY to stop.
If a person succeeds in business, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person's foot started to bleed, he will feel in pain.
A person is on the job in order to be useful.
If a person learns something about the world, he becomes more informed as a result.
If a person feels miserable, he gets depressed as a result.
If a person meets someone they've wanted to meet, he wants to see that person again.
If a person gets a new gig, he will feel satisfied.
If a person breaks his wrist, he is out of action for a while as a result.
If a person is getting tired, he wants to rest.
If a person puts it in the right place, he will feel confident.
If a person chooses not to give in, he will feel determined.
If a person wants to be a good host, he wants to entertain his guests.
If a person is looked at, he will feel cared for.
If a person accepts a prize, he will feel pleased.
A person enters the party in order to be a part of the party.
If a person is a friend of ecology, he wants to protect the environment.
If a person puts up a shield, he will feel protected.
If a person investigates further, he wants to know more.
If a person eats her veggies, he will feel healthy.
If a person is bothered by a criticism, he will feel frustrated.
If a person shows an interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person knows how to play baseball, he is a good baseball player as a result.
A person acts for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person and others like one another, he will feel happy.
If a person notices a driver's mistake, he wants to correct the driver.
A person puts much effort in his work in order to be the best.
A person takes a spiritual journey in order to learn more about himself.
If a person gets an infection, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person seeks medical advice, he receives treatment as a result.
If a person observes what is happening, he is curious as a result.
If a person spends a lot of time with her family, he becomes closer to her family as a result.
If a person takes a nice walk, he will feel happy.
If a person practices French with others, he wants to learn French.
If a person realizes others is up to something, he wants to stop PersonY.
A person announces an impending marriage in order to start a family.
If a person listens to music online, he is introduced to new music as a result.
If a person asks to be comforted, he will feel comforted.
If a person enters a supermarket, he buys some food as a result.
If a person gets cold, he wants to stay warm.
If a person cheers on others, he will feel proud.
If a person goes outside for a minute, he will feel curious.
A person took a course in order to improve her knowledge.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he is satisfied with the meal as a result.
If a person asks for a promotion, he will feel confident.
If a person really wants to learn a lot of things, he wants to study a lot.
If a person exercises three times a week, he is seen as fit.
If a person practices his preaching, he will feel passionate.
If a person sees an interesting person, he learns about the person as a result.
If a person and others has a conversation, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person contemplates his situation, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person works with Y, he gets to know Y as a result.
A person avoids getting questioned in order to avoid getting in trouble.
If a person has a new goal, he will feel determined.
If a person finds something good to eat, he will feel happy.
A person uses a fast method in order to finish the task quickly.
If a person's hope is rewarded, he will feel relieved.
If a person continues his education, he will feel determined.
If a person comes up with a new plan, he will feel determined.
If a person shows remorse, he wants to make amends.
If a person goes to mass, he will feel devout.
If a person helps to sort out a problem, he will feel good.
If a person gets good at poker, he wins money as a result.
If a person has the prize, he will feel pleased.
A person studies the dog in person in order to understand the dog.
If a person checks out the movie, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is a successful negotiator, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person is having a good time with others, he will feel happy.
If a person lays the ghost to rest, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes part in a celebration, he will feel relaxed.
If a person considers the possible consequences, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person discovers that others is in hospital, he is concerned about PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person and others have fun together, he will feel joyful.
If a person puts on his make-up, he looks pretty as a result.
If a person feels guilty for the theft, he wants to make amends.
If a person discovers a possibility, he wants to pursue the possibility.
If a person decides to go to a museum, he enjoys the museum as a result.
A person organizes the fundraising campaign in order to raise money for the charity.
If a person decides to be herself, he will feel free.
If a person takes a walk with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person sees an attorney in order to resolve a legal issue.
If a person dials the code into the correct holes, he will feel successful.
If a person is made to work hard by others, he becomes more responsible as a result.
If a person has her own apartment, he will feel independent.
A person tries to speak English in order to communicate with others.
If a person acquires a motor vehicle, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wakes up others with a kiss, he will feel passionate.
If a person has a great vacation, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person fills his lungs with air, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries to drink too much, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person goes swimming with his friends, he has fun as a result.
A person decides to leave town in order to be free.
A person sets up a family reunion in order to make his family happy.
If a person leads a quality life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person grabs the phone, he wants to talk to someone.
A person invites others to the castle in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person takes matters into his own hands in order to be in control.
A person launches an investigation in order to solve a mystery.
If a person receives assistance from others, he will feel cared for.
If a person gains a valuable skill, he wants to use that skill.
If a person gains a romantic partner, he will feel loved.
If a person kicks around a soccer ball, he will feel excited.
If a person works hard for the boss, he will feel appreciated.
If a person carries on a dialog, he will feel interested.
If a person is unable to find his way, he will feel lost.
If a person volunteers for a committee, he learns to work with others as a result.
If a person and others share the same philosophy, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person sleeps for long periods, he sleeps better as a result.
If a person has a very good time, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to learn sign language in order to communicate with others.
If a person is warm and sunny, he will feel cheerful.
If a person proves a theorem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is punched by others, he will feel hurt.
A person eats the rest of his food in order to be full.
A person works out hard in order to look good.
If a person enrolls in art school, he learns to draw as a result.
If a person makes a delicious meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks it is too expensive, he does not buy it as a result.
If a person gets the good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries to understand people, he learns to communicate as a result.
If a person prepares a fruit salad, he makes a delicious fruit salad as a result.
A person is making improvements in order to improve his work.
If a person performs in-depth research, he is seen as a good researcher.
If a person rises up, he is promoted as a result.
A person offers others suggestions in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he wants to accept the offer.
If a person beats others in a fishing competition, he is a better fisherman as a result.
If a person works out constantly, he will feel energized.
A person works very hard on an essay in order to be a good student.
A person repairs the bicycle in order to keep the bicycle in good condition.
If a person solves the conundrum, he will feel accomplished.
If a person hears bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person signs off on the deal, he will feel satisfied.
A person sticks with others in order to keep PersonY close.
A person practices music in order to be better at music.
If a person and others get in a quarrel, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person enjoys a lot of money, he will feel happy.
If a person suffers a blow to the face, he will feel in pain.
If a person fights until the end, he will feel determined.
A person starts a discussion about others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person makes a special effort, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a new idea, he wants to work on his idea.
A person works really hard in order to be good at his job.
A person organizes the committee in order to make sure the committee gets done.
If a person follows the path of enlightenment, he will feel happy.
A person starts to fight in order to protect himself.
If a person takes up oil painting, he will feel inspired.
If a person sets the agenda, he will feel in control.
If a person decides to cheer others up, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person takes a hot shower, he is clean as a result.
A person attempts to restructure his life in order to live a more productive life.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he gets angry as a result.
If a person visits placeA, he learns about placeA as a result.
If a person learns how to hunt, he becomes a good hunter as a result.
If a person is enjoying a cup of coffee, he will feel content.
If a person has a hard time sleeping, he will feel restless.
If a person is honored at a dinner, he will feel special.
If a person has a big problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person uses Google to answer a question, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person approaches others on the street in order to talk to PersonY.
A person makes reservations in order to have a nice meal.
A person washes the car in order to get the car clean.
If a person can be with people, he will feel content.
If a person is embarrassed about his prank, he wants to apologize.
If a person makes sure that others learns well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is planning, he will feel organized.
If a person tries her hand at sketching, he draws a picture as a result.
A person reads others's statement in order to know what PersonY said.
If a person checks the web, he will feel curious.
A person studies personN's theme in order to understand personN.
If a person wins a writing contest, he will feel happy.
A person takes up writing in order to express herself.
If a person turns the tables, he gets his way as a result.
If a person cannot put up with others any longer, he wants to leave PersonY.
If a person looks to others for support, he will feel secure.
If a person thinks of a plan, he wants to implement the plan.
A person buys a new art kit in order to improve her art skills.
If a person knows that others is right, he wants to agree with PersonY.
A person avoids talking about the accident in order to avoid reliving the accident.
A person searches the Web for information in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person keeps a list of opinions, he has a diverse set of opinions as a result.
If a person is able to enjoy himself, he will feel happy.
A person talks to her lawyer in order to discuss her legal options.
If a person wonders about, he wants to find out.
If a person reads a book in the library, he will feel entertained.
A person volunteers to be on the charity committee in order to help people.
If a person poses for a portrait, he has a good photo as a result.
A person submits a resume in order to get a job.
A person meets others's colleagues in order to get to know PersonY's colleagues.
If a person asks others’s opinion, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
A person writes an e-mail in order to communicate with someone.
A person competes in swimming in order to be good at swimming.
If a person becomes aware of something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person manages to wait, he will feel patient.
If a person spends time with her parents, he will feel close.
A person hits the books in order to be a good student.
If a person allows himself to speak, he learns to express himself as a result.
If a person is about to realize something, he wants to figure out what it is.
If a person continues to read about that, he learns more about that as a result.
If a person likes to hang out with friends, he will feel happy.
A person runs through the forest in order to explore the forest.
If a person practices a lot to get better, he becomes a better player as a result.
A person addresses others in a courteous manner in order to be polite.
If a person learns to protect himself, he feels safer as a result.
If a person is received, he will feel cared for.
A person goes to see his father in order to know more about his father.
If a person keeps going on, he will feel determined.
If a person is very clean, he will feel tidy.
If a person has had a real adventure, he will feel fulfilled.
A person tries to break away from others in order to be independent.
If a person is in a band, he plays gigs as a result.
If a person and others are of different social classes, he and PersonY have different lifestyles as a result.
If a person overcomes fears, he will feel courageous.
If a person gets to know self, he wants to know more about himself.
If a person worries about work, he wants to be successful.
If a person thinks of a way out, he gets out of the apartment as a result.
If a person thinks there is a problem, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person is a real professional, he will feel confident.
If a person pleases the King, he is rewarded as a result.
A person practices what he has learned in order to improve his skills.
If a person keeps getting punished, he will feel upset.
If a person makes a reservation for the trip, he will feel pleased.
If a person is entranced by others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person regrets making a decision, he wants to change his decision.
If a person buys new clothes, he wants to wear them.
If a person reads the funnies first, he will feel entertained.
If a person makes a great improvement, he is pleased with his progress as a result.
If a person sits by the fire, he will feel content.
A person visits a doctor’s office in order to feel better.
If a person convinces others to go to the park, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about the noise, he wants to make less noise.
If a person attends an art gallery, he enjoys the art as a result.
If a person's attitude improves, he wants to be more positive.
If a person and others reconnect, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person enjoys a lovely walk, he will feel happy.
A person looks through the Bible in order to understand the Bible.
If a person is competent at work, he will feel successful.
If a person convinces others to let her go, he will feel pleased.
If a person seeks ways to fix problem, he resolves the problem as a result.
If a person has a scuff, he will feel angry.
If a person receives a facelift, he will feel beautiful.
If a person enjoys good conversation, he will feel content.
A person practices swinging in order to be better at swinging.
If a person ruminates on bad memories, he becomes sad as a result.
If a person cleans his or her room, he will feel neat.
A person begins to cook for others in order to help PersonY.
A person sets out to clean in order to be organized.
If a person raises questions, he wants to find answers.
If a person feels concerned about others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person puts an end to the test, he will feel relieved.
If a person gets out of debt, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others tell each other a story, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person begins to bleed, he will feel pain.
A person drops by others’s office in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person receives support, he will feel cared for.
A person gets others's advice in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person and others talk about changes, he wants to change the situation.
A person attends classes in order to improve his skills.
If a person is spending time with his friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person discovers a film she likes, he decides to watch it again as a result.
If a person wins the competition, he is happy as a result.
If a person is well-known for his positive attitude, he will feel confident.
A person reopens the store in order to get the store back on track.
If a person listens to a radio broadcast, he will feel entertained.
A person says something to his neighbors in order to be neighborly.
If a person experiences an internal conflict, he will feel stressed.
If a person decided to work, he has a job as a result.
If a person becomes a fixture in the community, he makes friends as a result.
If a person is convinced of what he's doing, he will feel in control.
If a person loves to bathe in the morning, he will feel refreshed.
If a person goes deeper, he gains more knowledge as a result.
If a person gets some help, he feels better as a result.
If a person remembers an important event, he wants to remember it.
If a person takes a week's vacation, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person starts asking questions, he wants to ask more questions.
A person invites others to a show in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person re-evaluates her life, he wants to change her life.
A person pays others back in order to make amends.
A person makes telephone calls in order to communicate with other people.
If a person finds a secluded spot, he will feel relaxed.
If a person can't take the heat, he wants to stay cool.
If a person practices their skill, he improves their skill as a result.
If a person continues his education, he will feel motivated.
If a person presents some arguments, he will feel passionate.
If a person spends the day studying a medicine, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds something spooky, he wants to investigate.
If a person doesn't like how others treats him, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person becomes a successful prophet, he will feel satisfied.
If a person accepts to do something, he will feel motivated.
If a person accepts the gift, he will feel grateful.
If a person visits a health club, he will feel healthy.
If a person studies one hour every day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person thanks the host, he will feel happy.
If a person builds a new system, he has a better system as a result.
A person gives some money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person watches TV in the den, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds a bottle of water, he will feel refreshed.
A person tells others of his progress in order to share his success.
A person shows things to the neighbors in order to help the neighbors.
If a person reads from his favorite book, he will feel content.
If a person gets his act together, he will feel confident.
If a person feels a need, he wants to do something about it.
A person tells others about Event 1 in order to keep PersonY informed.
A person reads the piece in order to understand the piece.
A person begins to plan in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person breaks the rules and gets caught, he will feel guilty.
A person plans to move out in order to start a new life.
A person visits the sick others in order to help PersonY.
If a person head to the store, he buys some groceries as a result.
A person tries to buy a gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person holds forth, he gets his point across as a result.
If a person lives a perfect life, he will feel happy.
If a person's investment pays off, he is happy as a result.
A person works hard to find an alternative in order to have a new job.
If a person and others visit the circus, he will feel entertained.
If a person faces a dilemma, he wants to solve the dilemma.
A person explains to others what death is in order to help PersonY understand death.
If a person visits new personY, he gets to know new personY as a result.
If a person remembers a shopping list, he wants to buy the items on the list.
A person calls his friend in order to keep in touch with his friend.
If a person finds it offensive, he wants to stop it.
If a person wins a bike race, he is happy as a result.
A person creates a special occasion for others in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person helps to sort out a problem, he is seen as efficient.
If a person imagines the possibilities, he will feel excited.
If a person continues to drink, he gets drunk as a result.
A person asks permission to speak in order to speak to the group.
If a person catches others breaking the law, he makes PersonY pay for his crime as a result.
A person tries to open a company in order to be self sufficient.
If a person senses a plot, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person completes it in record time, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets the car repaired, he is happy as a result.
If a person is passionate about the project, he wants to work on the project.
A person tells others to take a bath in order to keep PersonY clean.
If a person stops others from worrying, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person and others go cycling, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person calls an operator in order to talk to someone.
A person talks to the dog in order to have a conversation with the dog.
If a person is a good manager, he will feel confident.
A person questions his mother in order to know the truth.
A person insists on going through with the experiment in order to see what will happen.
If a person listens to others play, he will feel entertained.
If a person brings it home, he will feel triumphant.
A person keeps his focus in order to be successful.
If a person shows off his new robes, he is pleased with his new robes as a result.
If a person checks out the new city, he will feel intrigued.
If a person visits an art exhibit, he enjoys the exhibit as a result.
If a person learns that others needs help, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person argues with Mom, he will feel irritated.
If a person receives an explanation from others, he understands PersonY’s situation as a result.
A person spends lots of time practicing in order to be good at something.
If a person has been worried about others, he wants to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person made a good impression on others, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains intensely, he will feel determined.
If a person does something for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person peers at others, he will feel curious.
If a person agrees to fight, he will feel courageous.
If a person has a workout, he will feel motivated.
A person goes to his friend in order to talk to his friend.
If a person smells a stinky smell, he is grossed out as a result.
A person writes to some friends in order to communicate with friends.
If a person is badly hurt in an accident, he is in hospital as a result.
If a person finds a wonderful dress, he is delighted as a result.
If a person is reminded of a painful past, he will feel sad.
If a person wins an award, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a major award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person dances on the pole, he will feel good.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he is scared as a result.
A person phoned his boss in order to be able to speak to his boss.
If a person goes to the dance with personZ, he and personZ have a good time as a result.
If a person looks for a movie to watch, he sees a good movie as a result.
If a person is learning, he will feel interested.
If a person questions others's mother, he learns more about PersonY's mother as a result.
If a person builds a relationship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person stops telling lies, he is more honest as a result.
If a person helps others solve their problems, he is seen as smart.
If a person makes a large profit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to play basketball, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person and others are together at home, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person makes money from stocks, he will feel successful.
If a person buys a house in the suburbs, he will feel satisfied.
If a person questions life choices, he wants to make different choices.
If a person is beginning to argue, he will feel irritated.
A person heads to phone booth in order to make a call.
If a person does an expert job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person overcomes adversity, he will feel triumphant.
If a person studies like crazy, he will feel inspired.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he is worried as a result.
If a person is truly alone, he will feel lonely.
If a person finishes a set of work, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has special news, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new car, he is pleased with his new car as a result.
If a person gets a well-paying job, he will feel happy.
If a person mends a relationship, he will feel relieved.
If a person enters an argument, he gets angry as a result.
If a person meets others for a meal, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person and others talk again in order to see PersonY again.
A person teaches others to ride a bike in order to help PersonY.
If a person is made to feel welcome, he feels at home as a result.
If a person gets the upper hand, he will feel powerful.
If a person exercises every day, he will feel healthy.
If a person believes that others is the problem, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person falls back into sin, he will feel guilty.
A person decides to read in order to be well read.
A person helps others in secret in order to be helpful.
If a person decides to go to work, he works hard as a result.
If a person completes the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets what  wants, he will feel pleased.
If a person discovers an ancient mystery, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person places an order for others's books, he will feel pleased.
A person walks around in the morning in order to start the day.
A person takes a quick shower in order to be clean.
A person starts to learn in order to learn something new.
A person studies the contents of a folder in order to learn more about the contents of the folder.
A person invites few friends to dinner in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person starts therapy, he feels better as a result.
A person hugs others gently in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person speaks with a good voice, he is seen as confident.
If a person stares at the cover of a book, he will feel fascinated.
If a person sees something unusual, he wants to investigate.
If a person finally comes through, he will feel pleased.
A person takes others to the vet in order to help PersonY.
If a person convinces others to help out, he will feel happy.
If a person faces conflict, he will feel upset.
A person searches for jobs in order to make money.
If a person is willing to do it for him, he will feel confident.
A person reflects on a complex idea in order to understand the situation.
If a person purchases a home, he will feel happy.
If a person practiced caution, he will feel prepared.
If a person gets some closure, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to talk with others in order to get PersonY's advice.
A person visits the father's grave in order to pay his respects.
A person researches others's roots in order to find out more about PersonY.
A person considers going out in order to be social.
If a person studies for the end-of-year exam, he wants to pass the exam.
A person cooks and eats in order to be able to cook and eat for herself.
If a person thinks the sauce is too spicy, he wants to change the sauce.
If a person and others are the same kind of person, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person really wants to learn a lot of things in order to be well rounded.
If a person takes up the challenge, he wants to win.
If a person stares for a long time, he will feel curious.
If a person is consumed with anger, he loses his temper as a result.
A person walks to the drugstore in order to get some medicine.
If a person wears a coat, he will feel warm.
If a person dresses up nicely, he will feel beautiful.
If a person fights with a customer, he will feel angry.
If a person feels in control, he is more confident as a result.
A person does an important task in order to make a difference.
If a person is unable to do it alone, he asks for help as a result.
If a person attends parties, he has fun as a result.
If a person loses sleep over a problem, he will feel anxious.
If a person looks into things, he wants to know more.
If a person starts liking others’s company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person hears of a murder, he will feel upset.
If a person is out of cash, he will feel desperate.
If a person exercises more, he will feel healthy.
If a person has an exceptional meal, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes the right decision, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads novels in a hammock, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is disgusted by her sister's behaviour, he wants to stop her sister from doing that.
If a person settles the matter, he will feel competent.
If a person learns how to ride, he becomes a good rider as a result.
A person greets others lovingly in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person doesn't like others's tie, he wants to change PersonY's tie.
A person speeds up his actions in order to be efficient.
If a person has a fancy dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person faces sudden danger, he will feel afraid.
A person plants flowers in the garden in order to make the garden beautiful.
If a person lives by a schedule, he will feel in control.
A person buys gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person spends hours looking for her parents, he wants to find her mom and dad.
If a person reads plenty of books, he becomes a bookworm as a result.
If a person buys an apartment, he is happy as a result.
If a person practices breaking bricks, he is good at breaking bricks as a result.
If a person publicly defends the position, he will feel courageous.
A person holds his hand out to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person jogs in the park, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person performs a therapeutic action, he feels better as a result.
If a person is learning, he is improving as a result.
If a person gets someone to listen, he will feel understood.
If a person speaks to an audience, he is seen as articulate.
If a person makes amends, he will feel at peace.
If a person is prepared for traveling, he will feel relaxed.
A person continues at a university in order to study.
If a person is dressed and made up, he is pretty as a result.
If a person ends up with a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person builds his character, he will feel confident.
If a person has been up all night writing, he will feel inspired.
If a person learns to sew, he wants to make clothes.
If a person studies more than others, he will feel motivated.
A person listens to a recording of others's speech in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person makes a few new friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person hears great news, he will feel happy.
If a person got tired of this shit, he wants to get out of this situation.
If a person takes charge of the project, he will feel confident.
If a person resolves an issue, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is overstimulated, he will feel frustrated.
A person looks it up on wiki in order to know more about the topic.
A person tells others about the experience in order to share the experience with PersonY.
If a person participates in family traditions, he feels more connected to his family as a result.
If a person has a pleasant stay, he is happy as a result.
If a person grows closer to others's family, he wants to be a part of PersonY's family.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person makes his own decision, he will feel independent.
If a person is short of cash, he will feel poor.
A person goes to visit others at her job in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person keeps trying to write, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes successful, he has a lot of money as a result.
If a person sleeps very well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets some bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person gets on track, he will feel determined.
If a person carries on an interesting conversation, he will feel interested.
If a person has a specific opinion, he wants to share his opinion.
A person watches the neighbor across the street in order to know what the neighbor is doing.
A person takes on a new challenge in order to be more successful.
A person gains information in order to learn more about the situation.
A person thinks about getting away in order to be alone.
If a person is flirting with girls, he will feel excited.
If a person takes steps to bring back, he will feel determined.
If a person faces the problem, he solves the problem as a result.
If a person plays and laughs with others, he will feel amused.
If a person begins work, he will feel motivated.
If a person doesn’t sleep well, he will feel restless.
If a person puts on a raincoat, he will feel comfortable.
A person acts quickly in order to solve the problem.
If a person can’t think of what to do, he will feel confused.
If a person attends the barbecue, he enjoys the barbecue as a result.
A person confronts his father in order to learn more about his father.
If a person assists others with her research, he will feel helpful.
A person tries to get others alone in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person takes time off from work, he will feel free.
If a person is having a snack, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to think outside the box, he will feel creative.
A person helps others to carry a load in order to help PersonY.
If a person reads a new theory, he will feel curious.
If a person likes to play cards, he wants to play more cards.
A person asks a woman out in order to start a relationship.
If a person practices talking, he will feel motivated.
A person teaches others to use a bow and arrow in order to teach PersonY to hunt.
If a person ponders the meaning of life, he wants to find the meaning of life.
If a person acts out his fantasy, he will feel happy.
If a person fears making a big mistake, he will feel nervous.
If a person is very surprised about others's answer, he wants to know why PersonY answered that way.
A person buys lunch for others in order to help PersonY.
A person and others move closer in order to be with PersonY.
If a person sings along to his iPod, he will feel joyful.
If a person negotiates with personY, he makes a deal as a result.
If a person is about to move to a new house, he wants to get settled in.
A person gives the money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets closer to his goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person develops a plan, he wants to implement the plan.
A person refuses to accept the status quo in order to be independent.
If a person receives some good news, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to draw pictures, he will feel creative.
If a person puts on a coat, he will feel warm.
If a person is unhappy with the lack of a challenge, he seeks a new challenge as a result.
If a person studies the stars, he is able to read the stars as a result.
If a person wants to look presentable, he looks nice as a result.
A person attends a seminar on marketing in order to learn more about marketing.
If a person has read all there is to read, he will feel satisfied.
A person runs for a political office in order to be a leader.
If a person gives good advice to others, he will feel wise.
A person is accustomed to finding things for herself in order to be independent.
If a person becomes a responsible person, he will feel good.
A person applies to the position in order to be promoted.
If a person buys a puzzle, he wants to solve the puzzle.
If a person speaks to family, he will feel close.
If a person is tired of working, he wants to quit his job.
If a person makes plans to go on a cruise, he will feel content.
If a person takes others out for ice cream, he will feel pleased.
If a person asked questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person successfully submits the review, he is seen as competent.
If a person is unsure of the answer, he wants to be sure.
If a person takes medication for a long period, he gets better as a result.
If a person receives a thank-you note, he will feel grateful.
If a person regrets her past, he wants to change her past.
A person drives others to the beach in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person decides to tell a lie in order to avoid the truth.
If a person wants to build his business, he wants to work hard.
If a person gets an unexpected reward, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others is married, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person offers others a smoke in order to give PersonY a break.
If a person finds out about a murder, he wants to investigate.
If a person succeeds in finding a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees something for the first time, he will feel curious.
A person speaks the truth in order to make sure the truth is told.
If a person is weary of others, he wants to stay away from PersonY.
If a person moves into a new house, he is happy as a result.
If a person wants to try others's idea, he is impressed by PersonY's idea as a result.
If a person finds a peaceful place, he will feel relaxed.
If a person buys a new PC, he wants to play games.
If a person sells the supplies, he makes a profit as a result.
If a person finally finds work, he will feel satisfied.
A person buys tickets for everyone in order to be inclusive.
A person arranges the match in order to make the match a success.
If a person reads the article, he will feel curious.
If a person experiences personal success, he is happy as a result.
If a person succeeds in a difficult enterprise, he will feel pleased.
A person gives good advice to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person has been knocked down, he will feel hurt.
If a person will remain in control, he will feel secure.
A person stays overnight at a friend's house in order to be with a friend.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he will feel angry.
If a person buys new clothes, he will feel stylish.
A person is walking along the street in order to walk in the city.
If a person is upset about it, he wants to talk about it.
If a person has a restful night’s sleep, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is proud of her collection, he wants to share her collection with others.
A person reads a book on astronomy in order to understand the universe.
A person calls others at home in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person is known to be generous, he is thanked by others as a result.
If a person tries to explain something, he wants to explain it better.
If a person finds something significant, he will feel pleased.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person considers other people’s feelings, he is considerate as a result.
A person exercises in a gym in order to be healthy.
If a person decides to do something positive, he helps others as a result.
A person plays with his cat in order to be close to his cat.
A person creates a show in order to entertain people.
If a person continues to act normally, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others share fun, he will feel happy.
If a person participates in a community service project, he will feel responsible.
If a person notices something going on, he wants to figure out what's going on.
A person asks her brother in order to get advice from her brother.
A person acquires others's history in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person has a good night, he will feel calm.
A person goes on a field trip in order to see new things.
A person decides to quit the military in order to do something different.
If a person and others disagree about money, he and PersonY argue as a result.
If a person reads an informative paper, he will feel interested.
If a person puzzles over others's words, he wants to understand.
A person helps out his friends in order to be a good friend.
If a person finds a suspicious message, he investigates as a result.
If a person struggles with money, he will feel frustrated.
A person is speaking with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person hears a noise outside, he wants to investigate.
If a person packs for a vacation, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person experiences the power of the Holy Spirit, he feels a spiritual awakening as a result.
A person plans the event in order to make the event a success.
If a person gets involved in a quarrel, he will feel upset.
If a person wants to do something nice, he will feel pleased.
A person takes his shower in order to feel clean.
If a person becomes the big boss, he will feel confident.
If a person puts a positive twist on it, he will feel delighted.
If a person learns how to make money, he is financially independent as a result.
If a person reads about history, he will feel informed.
If a person gets enough food, he will feel full.
If a person plans a picnic, he will feel content.
If a person has a lovely home, he will feel content.
A person brings others to his place in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is successful in school, he will feel happy.
If a person studies every night, he will feel motivated.
If a person prepares a full meal, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person asks for a higher wage, he gets a raise as a result.
If a person gets some time off, he will feel free.
If a person lands a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to see a counselor, he will feel comfortable.
A person begins to explore the world in order to be more independent.
If a person is a huge success, he is happy as a result.
A person reads a biography in order to learn more about the person.
If a person holds a private gathering, he invites a few friends as a result.
If a person makes a trip to the store, he buys some food as a result.
If a person seizes the opportunity, he will feel excited.
A person writes down notes about others in order to keep track of PersonY.
If a person outmaneuvers others, he will feel in control.
If a person has been admired, he will feel valued.
If a person uses the internet, he will feel connected.
If a person manages to find time, he is able to get things done as a result.
If a person continues the task, he will feel determined.
A person prepares for the holidays in order to have a successful holiday.
If a person faces a major problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person signs up for therapy in order to feel better.
A person makes a call to an attorney in order to know his rights.
If a person thinks over possibilities, he wants to choose.
If a person dresses smartly, he will feel neat.
A person prepares others for a big day in order to make PersonY feel special.
A person listens for a long time in order to hear what is going on.
If a person plays a saxophone, he plays a good saxophone as a result.
If a person wakes up on a bright morning, he will feel optimistic.
If a person spends some time in the sun, he will feel healthy.
A person takes others to therapy in order to help PersonY.
A person talks to others's lawyer in order to know what PersonY's lawyer thinks.
If a person finds out that others is in need, he offers to help PersonY as a result.
If a person plans an anniversary, he wants to spend more time with his wife.
A person organizes things in order to make sure everything is in order.
If a person succeeds in graduate school, he will feel happy.
A person goes into a store in order to buy something.
If a person practices talking, he improves his speech as a result.
If a person explores a new idea, he wants to work on his idea.
If a person realizes mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person's aunt has a cookout, he wants to go to the cookout.
If a person faces a moral dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
If a person gets the groceries, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets up early in the morning, he will feel energized.
If a person signs up for classes, he will feel determined.
If a person promises to try, he will feel determined.
If a person has no relatives to help him, he is left alone as a result.
A person agrees with his wife in order to be with his wife.
If a person sits up late at night, he will feel restless.
A person hits the trail in order to explore the wilderness.
If a person gets into a fight at a party, he will feel angry.
If a person asks to be treated nicely, he will feel respected.
If a person is injured by others, he feels pain as a result.
If a person enjoys another cold beer, he will feel refreshed.
A person offers others some change in order to help PersonY.
If a person is successful on her attempt, he is pleased as a result.
If a person stops by the bar, he has a drink as a result.
If a person is offended by others's snoring, he wants to make PersonY stop snoring.
If a person is dancing the tango, he will feel excited.
If a person sees others's new clothes, he admires PersonY's new clothes as a result.
If a person overcomes the challenge, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes increasingly sophisticated, he will feel confident.
A person works on it in order to get it done.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he is happy as a result.
A person takes up exercise in order to stay healthy.
A person enters a chat room in order to communicate with other people.
If a person completes his assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finishes his dinner, he feels full as a result.
If a person regrets having, he wants to not have.
If a person and others starts fighting, he will feel irritated.
If a person regrets this, he wants to feel better.
A person tells others not to leave in order to keep PersonY with her.
If a person engages in humorous activity, he is rewarded with a laugh as a result.
If a person fucks up, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person celebrates her birthday with a friend, he will feel joyful.
If a person is feeling guilty, he wants to apologize.
If a person get help from others, he will feel supported.
If a person takes care of business, he will feel successful.
If a person acquires a car, he is pleased with his new car as a result.
If a person cares about his parents, he wants to spend time with his parents.
If a person is mad at himself, he wants to feel better.
If a person goes the bar, he is drunk as a result.
If a person spends time on the beach, he will feel happy.
If a person has a nice time with others, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
A person tells her parents what happened in order to be able to talk to her parents.
If a person loves her dog, he wants to take care of her dog.
If a person will go to a special school, he will get a good education as a result.
If a person joins a sporting club, he is more active as a result.
If a person receives training, he will feel motivated.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he will feel pleased.
If a person had a great weekend, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a great project, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns others's rules, he wants to follow PersonY's rules.
If a person finds some sort of work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets dressed in the morning, he will feel ready.
If a person is busy with a task, he will feel stressed.
A person decides to do something positive in order to help people.
If a person provides for her children, he will feel good.
A person tries to tell others in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person sits and has a break, he will feel rested.
If a person drives to a great location, he is impressed by the view as a result.
If a person is dressed elegantly, he will feel attractive.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he wants to hang out with her.
If a person acquires a pet, he becomes attached to the pet as a result.
If a person puts on his or her coat, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets a great idea, he will feel excited.
If a person always has the upper hand, he will feel strong.
If a person finds out about the problem, he wants to know what's going on.
A person helps with the chores in order to be helpful.
If a person buys a beautiful dress, he will feel pleased.
If a person thanks the audience, he will feel happy.
If a person has an opportunity, he will feel optimistic.
If a person does something important with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person listens to a mix of music, he learns to appreciate music as a result.
If a person is able to enjoy himself, he is happy as a result.
If a person has your number, he wants to call you.
If a person reads a letter and is taken aback, he becomes upset as a result.
A person reads a great deal in order to learn.
If a person makes it through without hesitation, he will feel confident.
A person began to form a plan in order to be prepared for a situation.
If a person gets a huge raise, he will feel pleased.
A person thinks about the letter in order to understand the letter.
If a person dances in front of everyone, he will feel happy.
A person shares his thoughts with others in order to be heard.
If a person exercises more, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person puts his things in order, he is tidy as a result.
A person writes a journal entry in order to keep a record of her thoughts.
If a person gets ready for vacation, he will feel excited.
A person invites others to his home in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person made a sale, he will feel satisfied.
If a person owns his car, he will feel independent.
If a person starts to rise, he will feel powerful.
If a person has noticed something, he wants to investigate.
A person doesn’t let the criminal go in order to make sure the criminal is punished.
A person takes physical measures in order to be healthy.
A person joins her kids on a bike ride in order to spend time with her kids.
If a person begins to explore the world, he will feel inspired.
If a person takes part in the sport, he gains fitness as a result.
If a person recognizes others's need, he helps PersonY as a result.
A person drives to the supermarket in order to get food.
A person writes everything down in order to remember everything.
If a person reasons about a matter, he will feel rational.
A person is visiting others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person prepares to do battle, he wants to win.
If a person convinces others to have kids, he will feel pleased.
If a person has supper, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts on her glasses, he is able to see better as a result.
If a person raises a glass to his uncle, he will feel pleased.
A person heads to the market in order to get some food.
If a person states that others has been working hard, he is pleased with PersonY’s work as a result.
If a person thinks it's a mistake, he wants to fix it.
If a person starts a successful business, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person learns to use his power, he will feel strong.
A person walks across the park in order to exercise.
If a person selects a college, he wants to attend a good school.
If a person receives new items, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a bowl of soup, he will feel full.
A person listens to a band in order to enjoy a musical performance.
A person gave a job to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person chooses to get involved, he makes a difference as a result.
A person invents a device for her daughter in order to make her daughter happy.
A person stops to drink water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person enforces new rules, he will feel firm.
If a person stands up and dances, he will feel alive.
If a person sends a word of gratitude, he will feel happy.
If a person learns from his error, he wants to do better.
If a person is anxious because others has not called, he wants to call PersonY.
A person tests the poison on himself in order to know if the poison is dangerous.
If a person does more research, he will feel determined.
If a person discusses the book, he learns more about the book as a result.
If a person does the responsible thing, he will feel confident.
If a person is dedicated to his work, he will feel productive.
A person does things for other people in order to be helpful.
A person walked around the room in order to explore the room.
If a person expresses thanks, he will feel happy.
If a person was involved in a car accident, he was hurt as a result.
A person puts medicine on a wound in order to heal the wound.
If a person realizes others needs her, he wants to be there for PersonY.
If a person gets in touch with her emotions, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to smile, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person steps out of the room, he wants to be alone.
If a person studies a poem, he understands the poem as a result.
A person thinks about different possibilities in order to explore new ideas.
If a person finds something exciting, he wants to do it again.
If a person helps solve a crime, he will feel competent.
If a person and others approach each other, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person became interested, he wants to learn more.
If a person likes to write, he will feel inspired.
If a person rises to fame, he will feel superior.
If a person and others go to the seaside, he and PersonY enjoy the seaside as a result.
A person checks his work in order to make sure his work is correct.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he is becoming a better person as a result.
If a person steps up, he will feel confident.
A person chooses her words carefully in order to be a good communicator.
If a person completes a successful robbery, he gets away with the money as a result.
If a person has a good summer, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person thinks that others might not be home, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person had a good idea, he will feel happy.
If a person joins an action committee, he wants to make a difference.
If a person takes a rest from the case, he will feel relaxed.
If a person performs a helpful act, he will feel rewarded.
If a person receives favorable service, he will feel pleased.
If a person puts on a happy face, he will feel content.
If a person buys a book from the bookstore, he wants to read the book.
If a person talks about his past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person relaxes on a cruise, he has a good time as a result.
If a person suspects a thief, he wants to catch the thief.
If a person becomes resourceful, he saves money as a result.
If a person heads home from the mountains, he wants to see his family.
If a person fears the world is getting worse, he will feel pessimistic.
If a person notices something is bothering others, he asks PersonY what is wrong as a result.
If a person joins a support group, he will feel helpful.
If a person ponders the possibilities, he wants to explore.
A person asks the computer guy to try again in order to help the computer guy.
If a person has a productive day, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to shake, he will feel frightened.
If a person always does the right thing, he is seen as a good citizen.
A person talks to others about others's cat in order to find out more about PersonY's cat.
If a person notices a foul smell, he wants to know what's making the smell.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel good.
If a person is making progress, he is happy as a result.
If a person dresses up for an important meeting, he will feel confident.
If a person grows in power, he will feel strong.
If a person has to think carefully, he wants to be smart.
If a person makes up to others, he is forgiven by PersonY as a result.
A person decides to help his friend in order to be a good friend.
A person trains 4 times a day in order to be fit.
If a person has sinned, he will feel ashamed.
If a person grows tired of others, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person decides to stop pretending, he feels free as a result.
A person attends her brother's wedding in order to support her brother.
If a person has a disturbing dream, he will feel frightened.
A person starts to explore in order to discover the world.
A person trains for a 100-mile hike in order to be physically fit.
A person says "I'll leave for a while" in order to go on a trip.
A person calls others every minute in order to stay in touch with PersonY.
A person approaches the computer in order to look at the computer.
If a person's fishing plan succeeds, he will feel satisfied.
A person begins to talk about it in order to share his feelings.
If a person asks for guidance, he gets advice as a result.
If a person prepares for the competition, he will feel determined.
If a person feels distressed, he wants to feel better.
A person transfers the money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person completes her chores, he will feel satisfied.
If a person agrees to take others to dinner, he will feel pleased.
A person is walking with his daughter in his arms in order to be close to his daughter.
If a person gets cut, he is in pain as a result.
A person listens to others's utterance in order to understand PersonY.
A person aims for a single target in order to be precise.
If a person and others agree on a collaboration, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is overcome by rage, he will feel out of control.
If a person works out a schedule, he will feel in control.
If a person spends time with the mother, he will feel close.
If a person does something to be proud of, he wants to do something good.
If a person becomes aware of an error, he corrects the error as a result.
If a person learns how to read the map, he is able to navigate as a result.
A person cleans the house for her mother in order to make her mother happy.
If a person uses google search engine, he finds information as a result.
A person feeds the animals in order to make sure the animals are well fed.
A person continues her work in order to earn money.
If a person stands up to the boss, he will feel courageous.
If a person shakes others's hands, he will feel friendly.
If a person likes others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person has to be careful, he wants to be safe.
If a person learns to do something else, he will feel challenged.
If a person puts on some music, he feels good as a result.
If a person faces conflict, he will feel tense.
A person and others are studying for exams in order to pass the exams and PersonY wants to study.
A person and others decide to move away in order to be with PersonY.
A person starts working in order to make money.
If a person's money is stolen, he wants to get his money back.
If a person's plan works, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets to know her, he is interested in her as a result.
If a person likes to ask about others, he learns about PersonY as a result.
If a person gets a chance to prove his mettle, he will feel brave.
If a person finds a cool place to live, he will feel happy.
If a person entertains herself, he will feel excited.
If a person has everything that he wants, he will feel happy.
A person removes his crossbow from the shelf in order to use the crossbow.
If a person visits her old village, he has a nostalgic feeling as a result.
If a person notices that others's hat is missing, he wants to find PersonY's hat.
If a person and others go to the market, he buys food as a result.
If a person catches a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person settles in with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person stays strong, he will feel confident.
If a person is utterly frustrated, he will feel helpless.
If a person worries about the kids, he wants to take care of the kids.
If a person solves a murder, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sorts out his life, he is happier as a result.
If a person gazes at the stars, he will feel in awe.
If a person settles down with a wife, he will feel happy.
If a person studies for the science test, he will feel motivated.
A person types letters on a keyboard in order to be able to communicate.
If a person becomes uncomfortable, he wants to get comfortable.
If a person comes through for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person has some kind of power, he has the power to make things happen as a result.
If a person works on his own, he makes progress as a result.
If a person takes a piano lesson, he wants to play the piano.
If a person takes up a sport, he will feel excited.
If a person finds his wallet stolen, he wants to get his wallet back.
A person leaves the house for a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person returns home after the war, he wants to be with his family.
If a person entertains the crowd, he receives applause as a result.
If a person does something important with others, he will feel happy.
A person thinks about how she feels in order to understand her feelings.
If a person accepts everything, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stands up for self, he will feel strong.
If a person chooses a great place to visit, he wants to visit that place again.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to be more comfortable with his emotions.
A person learns how to play the bagpipes in order to be better at his instrument.
A person reread the sentence in order to understand the sentence.
If a person enjoys another day in the sun, he will feel content.
If a person is fed up with mistreatment, he wants to make a change.
If a person’s friends are supportive, he will feel accepted.
If a person hears great news, he is happy as a result.
If a person cooks a full meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person observes news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person visits a gym, he will feel good.
If a person regrets her words, he wants to apologize.
If a person wins others's mother's approval, he will feel pleased.
If a person cleans it up, he will feel good.
If a person discovered a crime, he wants to solve the crime.
If a person has a couple of arguments, he will feel irritated.
If a person has completed a course, he is a graduate as a result.
If a person has regained the control, he is calm as a result.
If a person becomes reflective, he wants to think about the future.
If a person is able to tell stories, he will feel creative.
If a person sees that he has some explaining to do, he wants to tell the truth.
A person goes out to the post office in order to get the mail.
If a person wins the girl, he will feel pleased.
If a person is concerned about others’s welfare, he wants to help PersonY.
A person calls a person in order to have a conversation.
If a person is appreciated, he will feel happy.
If a person suspects others of using drugs, he wants to prove PersonY is using drugs.
If a person thinks others is trying to kill him, he wants to get away from PersonY.
A person promises to do his homework in order to get good grades.
If a person listens to others’s instructions, he follows PersonY’s instructions as a result.
A person helps to train others in order to help PersonY.
If a person still has the flu, he will feel miserable.
If a person wears heavy makeup, he feels pretty as a result.
If a person gives an eloquent speech, he will feel confident.
If a person helps others choose one out of four coats, he chooses the coat that PersonY likes as a result.
A person gave money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is afraid of getting sick, he wants to stay healthy.
If a person is recognized as an expert, he will feel important.
If a person reads a work of art history, he is knowledgeable about art as a result.
If a person enjoys the conversation, he will feel content.
A person goes to her parents' house in order to spend time with her family.
A person left the group in order to be on his own.
If a person returns to nature, he feels peaceful as a result.
If a person is interested in person Y, he wants to meet person Y.
If a person realizes that he or she is wrong, he wants to change.
If a person experiences a backache, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person is strong-willed, he wants to be stronger.
If a person wallows in self-pity, he will feel hopeless.
If a person confides in her therapist, he is helped by her therapist as a result.
If a person is given a position of power, he will feel in control.
If a person gets a broken arm, he is in pain as a result.
If a person competes in races, he wants to win.
If a person resists the attack, he will feel courageous.
If a person finds what he's looking for, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to earn some money, he wants to work hard.
A person pays others a compliment in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person gets others to promise, he is happy as a result.
If a person raises a big family, he is seen as a good parent.
If a person is fed up with it all, he wants to give up.
If a person practices piano, he improves his piano skills as a result.
A person guides others through steps in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds a broken link, he wants to fix the link.
A person grinds into gear in order to get to work.
A person read through books and records in order to learn.
If a person has a shot at winning a prize, he wants to win the prize.
If a person watches TV series with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person accidentally talked to others, he has to apologize to PersonY as a result.
If a person does an important task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person builds things, he will feel creative.
If a person scores a victory, he feels good as a result.
If a person and others tell each other a story, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person becomes active, he is fit as a result.
A person learns to fight for himself in order to be able to defend himself.
If a person sees others is in danger, he wants to save PersonY.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he will feel excited.
If a person gives a show, he will feel good.
If a person gets a positive result, he is happy as a result.
If a person's tweets go viral, he gets a lot of followers as a result.
If a person has a terrible life, he will feel miserable.
A person prepares to begin school in order to learn new things.
A person consults an expert in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person falls down and hurts himself, he is in pain as a result.
If a person has lots of friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person and others unite against PersonZ, he wants to defeat PersonZ.
If a person and others go out for dinner, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person performs well at a conference, he will feel pleased.
If a person is recognized as a world-class researcher, he is praised by his colleagues as a result.
If a person makes a TV appearance, he gets recognition as a result.
If a person was offended, he is angry as a result.
If a person responds to others's difficulties, he wants to help PersonY.
A person speaks about others to PersonZ in order to inform PersonZ about PersonY.
If a person goes to a classical concert, he will feel excited.
If a person earns good money, he will feel happy.
A person exercises vigorously in order to stay healthy.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he learns to think as a result.
If a person goes out for a meal, he will feel happy.
If a person has achieved a lot, he will feel proud.
If a person starts to doubt, he will feel worried.
If a person finds someone who will listen, he will feel understood.
If a person gets a favour, he will feel special.
If a person celebrates with a bunch of friends, he is in a good mood as a result.
A person counts the people around him in order to be aware of his surroundings.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he will feel cared for.
If a person makes new discoveries, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person is a bit unsure, he wants to be sure.
If a person completes the test, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is injured in a car accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person practices improvisation, he will feel creative.
If a person enjoys the fish and chips, he wants to eat more fish and chips.
A person wants to come home in order to be with his family.
A person serves as a guide in order to help the others.
A person learns new songs in order to improve his musical skills.
A person starts meds in order to be well.
If a person plans a future with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person plays sax, he is good at playing the saxophone as a result.
A person invites a child to do something in order to help the child.
A person reads every morning in order to be well informed.
If a person is diagnosed, he takes medication as a result.
If a person prepares for big-game hunting, he will feel excited.
If a person likes to communicate, he will feel understood.
If a person goes to a better place, he is happier as a result.
If a person takes it easy, he feels rested as a result.
If a person begins to consider the consequences, he begins to doubt his actions as a result.
If a person fills 's needs, he is happy as a result.
A person invites others to a dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person completes a mission, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is rewarded for something, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes on a high profile job, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a new machine, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he will feel motivated.
If a person consumes large quantities of drink, he will feel drunk.
If a person performs a good deed, he will feel appreciated.
If a person turns out to be ill, he is treated as a result.
A person continues to teach others in order to help PersonY.
A person catches up with his friends in order to be with his friends.
If a person wins a major prize, he will feel elated.
If a person keeps others’s company, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person avoids looking back in order to be able to look forward.
If a person complains to management, he will feel angry.
If a person always has the upper hand, he will feel triumphant.
A person avoids another trap in order to be safe.
A person starts the relationship off right in order to have a good relationship.
If a person's throat is really sore, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person watches his favorite TV show, he will feel entertained.
If a person visits a planetarium, he will feel intrigued.
If a person tackles the problem, he is seen as competent.
A person walks some blocks in order to exercise.
If a person orders an extra-large pizza, he will feel satisfied.
If a person lives an honest life, he is a good person as a result.
If a person uses his strength, he will feel powerful.
If a person begins to order, he will feel in control.
If a person finds a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person and others live in a better house, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets a simple explanation, he understands the explanation as a result.
If a person watches a DVD, he is entertained as a result.
If a person wants to help people, he makes a difference as a result.
A person signs up for volunteer work in order to help others.
If a person talks with a colleague, he learns to communicate as a result.
If a person has a really good life, he will feel happy.
A person gets ready to go out in order to be ready for a date.
If a person has his photograph taken, he has a nice picture as a result.
If a person signs up for an endurance event, he will feel excited.
If a person lives in a big house, he will feel comfortable.
A person continues fighting in order to fight for his beliefs.
If a person is restless at work, he wants to relax.
If a person has a good idea, he will feel confident.
If a person finally found the right job, he is happy as a result.
A person pulls over for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is taking steps to be, he will feel capable.
If a person stays in contact, he will feel connected.
If a person looks inside himself, he becomes more aware of his feelings as a result.
If a person gets a little boost, he will feel optimistic.
If a person learns how to do something, he gets better at it as a result.
If a person feels challenged by others, he wants to prove himself to PersonY.
If a person puts in a good word for others, he will feel confident.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he will feel excited.
If a person finds a nice vantage point, he enjoys the view as a result.
If a person polishes his car, he is proud of his car as a result.
A person invites others over for dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is in a depressed mood, he wants to feel better.
A person buries her mother in order to give her mother a proper burial.
If a person does his chores, he will feel responsible.
If a person considers a solution, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets tired of asking questions, he wants to stop asking questions.
If a person eats out at a restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
If a person checks out others's background, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person spends a day at the beach, he will feel happy.
A person looks at others's work in order to see what PersonY is doing.
If a person listens to many people, he is seen as good at listening.
If a person rents the movie, he will feel entertained.
A person attends school regularly in order to be a good student.
If a person argues with the author, he will feel upset.
A person dresses as a lady in order to be more feminine.
If a person begins an investigation, he will feel determined.
If a person received a new job, he will feel satisfied.
A person thinks about looking for a new job in order to make more money.
If a person flirts with the stranger, he wants to get to know the stranger.
If a person and others are finally reunited, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person takes some reading, he will feel motivated.
If a person recalls that others once took an interesting trip, he is curious about PersonY’s trip as a result.
If a person helps organize a celebration, he will feel pleased.
A person studies the dog in person in order to know more about the dog.
If a person is pleased with the idea, he decides to go ahead as a result.
A person went to the doctor's in order to get better.
A person studies an advanced topic in order to learn more.
If a person has a lot to do, he will feel tired.
If a person takes an early morning jog, he will feel energetic.
If a person starts therapy, he is helped by the therapist as a result.
If a person visits his dying father in the hospital, he wants to be with his father.
If a person goes for a holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a decent job, he earns more money as a result.
A person takes her lunch alone in order to have time to herself.
If a person plans ahead, he will feel organized.
A person has a nice dinner in order to be well fed.
If a person rests on the grass, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is bleeding, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets into a fight at a party, he will feel upset.
If a person has a to-do list, he wants to get it done.
A person goes home for supper in order to be with his family.
A person prepares to carry on with her life in order to make a new start.
If a person is thrilled by an event, he wants to attend the event.
A person goes on a bicycle ride in order to get exercise.
If a person thinks about religion, he will feel curious.
If a person hates animal abuse, he wants to help animals.
A person goes to his grandmother’s house in order to spend time with his grandmother.
A person gives the cat a bath in order to keep the cat clean.
A person takes up new employment in order to start a new career.
If a person joins an organization, he will feel committed.
If a person gets to stay, he is happy as a result.
If a person raises a question, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person and others make fools of themselves, he and PersonY get laughed at as a result.
If a person is utterly baffled, he wants to understand.
If a person practices self-control, he has better self-control as a result.
If a person rinses his hands, he feels clean as a result.
If a person got it done, he will feel proud.
If a person identifies problems, he is seen as a good problem solver.
A person is studying for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person is good at dancing, he will feel graceful.
If a person read others's writing, he understands PersonY's writing as a result.
A person teaches others about his art in order to share his art with PersonY.
If a person practices French with others, he improves his French as a result.
If a person can not believe that others keeps silent, he wants to know why PersonY is silent.
If a person takes pride in her home, he wants to make her home look nice.
If a person practises being tough, he will feel confident.
If a person does some work, he will feel busy.
A person and others engage in a conversation in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person observes other people doing things in order to be a good observer.
If a person learns from past mistakes, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person finds something to be grateful for, he will feel happy.
If a person loves his sister, he wants to spend time with his sister.
If a person stands up to an enemy, he will feel courageous.
If a person has been here for years, he is considered a local as a result.
If a person is struggling with a decision, he will feel stressed.
If a person visits a tavern, he will feel entertained.
A person leads an expedition in order to explore the world.
If a person hears a bad news, he is sad as a result.
If a person can't pay the bills, he wants to borrow money.
If a person enjoyed being with others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person finally apologizes in order to make amends.
A person reads the script in order to understand the plot.
If a person agrees to go on a picnic, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to meet with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person looks through others's CD collection, he wants to listen to PersonY's music.
If a person agrees to go, he will feel happy.
A person is talking with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person has a really good time, he is happy as a result.
If a person studies even more, he will feel motivated.
If a person looks for options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person re-connects with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person tries to speak a different language, he learns a new language as a result.
If a person is collecting old newspapers, he has more information as a result.
If a person wrote an excellent book, he receives a good review as a result.
If a person considers others' feelings, he is more considerate as a result.
A person keeps his books straight in order to do well in school.
If a person agrees to go out, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to be kind, he wants to be nice.
If a person works to become a better person, he is a better person as a result.
If a person hits his mark, he will feel proud.
If a person finally does the right thing, he will feel happy.
If a person does some reading, he will feel interested.
If a person takes others to the park, he has fun with PersonY as a result.
A person celebrates others's success in order to support PersonY.
If a person gets some very good news, he will feel happy.
If a person bangs into a lamp post, he is injured as a result.
If a person worries about future consequences, he wants to avoid those consequences.
If a person and others work out, he will feel fit.
If a person goes to see a musical, he likes the musical as a result.
If a person works on a cure for insomnia, he gets a better night’s sleep as a result.
If a person stops to listen, he will feel interested.
If a person talks well, he will feel good.
If a person jogs around the block, he will feel energetic.
If a person reconciles with her mother, he will feel happy.
If a person has a high position, he will feel powerful.
A person helps others finish up in order to help PersonY.
If a person decides to call home, he wants to talk to his mom.
If a person gets into a heated argument, he will feel upset.
A person goes to an outdoor concert in order to enjoy the music.
If a person finally wins others over, he and PersonY are now a couple as a result.
A person learns to treat people fairly in order to be a good person.
If a person gains something from his efforts, he will feel pleased.
If a person procures some delicious treats, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wonders about the state of the universe, he wants to figure out the universe.
A person considers investing in others's idea in order to help PersonY.
If a person ate something unhealthy, he is ill as a result.
A person accepts a sales position in order to make money.
If a person makes a special dinner, he will feel delighted.
A person studies the dog in person in order to learn more about the dog.
A person attends the opening of an art gallery in order to see the art.
If a person decides to study the data, he wants to learn more about the subject.
If a person has new plans, he will feel excited.
A person picks up others from jail in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person decides on the best course of action, he will feel wise.
If a person got into a fight, he will feel upset.
If a person finds a new ally, he will feel trusted.
If a person starts his own business, he wants to be a successful entrepreneur.
A person reports on her observation in order to be able to explain her observations.
If a person enjoys his clubbing experience, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has prepared, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets information about others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person considers what is good, he wants to be good.
If a person makes many friends, he will feel liked.
If a person takes responsibility for her own well-being, he wants to make decisions for herself.
If a person has passed some exams, he has gained more knowledge as a result.
If a person ponders the options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person dances in front of the mirror, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets his eye fixed, he can see again as a result.
If a person is told something unsettling, he will feel worried.
A person begins to read the letter in order to know what is in the letter.
If a person becomes irritated by an animal, he wants to get rid of the animal.
A person performs in-depth research in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person learns about it, he will feel enlightened.
If a person receives a suspicious phone call, he will feel worried.
If a person becomes a successful philosopher, he will feel satisfied.
A person lies down on the beach in order to rest.
If a person went to the park, he had fun as a result.
If a person's party is a great success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is at the market, he wants to buy food.
A person trains two hours a day in order to be fit.
If a person learns from his mistakes, he wants to make fewer mistakes.
If a person experiences the death of a loved one, he is filled with grief as a result.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes a part of it, he will feel important.
A person talks to others about the future in order to plan for the future.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he feels sad as a result.
If a person practices tennis, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoyed others's company, he will feel content.
A person gets up to greet someone in order to be friendly.
If a person makes a point of checking his watch, he wants to be on time.
If a person claims his or her rights, he will feel empowered.
A person breaks and enters the apartment in order to see what is inside.
If a person buys tickets to a movie, he will feel excited.
If a person drinks quickly, he will feel drunk.
A person goes away to a new place in order to experience new things.
A person has a workout in order to stay in shape.
If a person is well known by everyone, he is well liked as a result.
If a person conquers his demons, he will feel strong.
A person looks up information on the Internet in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person receives a promotion, he will feel happy.
If a person contemplates alternatives, he wants to make a decision.
If a person swears eternal allegiance to others, he wants to do everything PersonY says.
A person turns on the news in order to be informed.
If a person settles a score, he will feel satisfied.
If a person plays soccer with the boys, he has fun as a result.
If a person practices solving problems, he will feel challenged.
If a person encounters a terrible scene, he will feel saddened.
If a person wins big, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to surf, he gets better at surfing as a result.
If a person looks into the woods, he wants to see what's in the woods.
If a person continues working on the project, he will feel motivated.
If a person keeps moving forward, he will feel energetic.
A person visits a physician in order to get better.
If a person ponders what will happen next, he will feel unsure.
A person brings others into his home in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
A person addresses the situation in order to resolve the situation.
If a person makes decision for others, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person decides to ignore it in order to not let it bother him.
If a person prepares a report, he will feel competent.
A person begins writing in order to share her thoughts.
A person eats a nice meal in order to feel good.
A person does some work in order to earn money.
If a person serves a purpose, he is appreciated as a result.
If a person takes her new job seriously, he will feel excited.
A person tries to get out of the relationship in order to be alone.
A person is meeting with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person considers the possibility, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person passes a school examination, he wants to go to college.
If a person fights with his spouse, he will feel angry.
If a person is welcomed into others's home, he becomes a member of the family as a result.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he will feel delighted.
If a person turns the lights on, he will feel illuminated.
If a person is very well armed, he will feel secure.
If a person gives a successful lecture, he will feel pleased.
If a person ends up in the mud, he will feel dirty.
If a person is in a dilemma, he will feel frustrated.
A person takes a walk in order to clear his mind.
If a person goes into therapy, he wants to talk about his feelings.
If a person talks to a third party about the situation, he gets a second opinion as a result.
If a person worries about others's health, he wants to make PersonY feel better.
If a person looks up things online, he is able to do research as a result.
If a person finally calms down, he will feel peaceful.
If a person thinks about it too, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person makes an effort to do well, he will feel good.
If a person watches the sunset from a hill, he enjoys the sunset as a result.
If a person says a few nice words, he is seen as a nice person.
A person and others make a date to meet in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person buys the art supplies in order to be able to paint.
If a person listens to news on radio, he is informed of the latest news as a result.
If a person is allowed to work independently, he will feel empowered.
A person tells others about the laws in order to share his knowledge.
If a person seeks more evidence, he will feel determined.
If a person has terrible news, he is sad as a result.
A person practices at the piano in order to be good at something.
If a person has her kitchen remodeled, he has a nice kitchen as a result.
A person is going to school in order to be a better student.
If a person approves a plan, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does school work, he will feel busy.
If a person finishes doing his homework, he will feel accomplished.
If a person does not approve of the new set, he wants to change the set.
If a person hears of good news, he will feel hopeful.
If a person finds a path around obstacles, he succeeds as a result.
If a person comes to help, he helps the family as a result.
If a person has some beer, he will feel inebriated.
If a person grills others’s favorite foods, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person puts on his glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person made use of a special opportunity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person loves someoneY, he wants to spend time with that personY.
A person signs up for a tournament in order to be able to compete.
If a person worries about others's welfare, he wants to make sure PersonY is safe.
If a person pauses to consider, he will feel curious.
If a person joins some clubs, he gets to know people as a result.
If a person knows that others is hungry, he wants to feed PersonY.
If a person falls into a ditch, he is hurt as a result.
If a person goes clubbing with friends, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is told a very depressing story, he will feel upset.
If a person speaks with certainty, he will feel in control.
A person reads lots of books in order to be well read.
If a person succeeds in becoming a CEO, he will feel confident.
A person thinks about going abroad in order to experience new things.
If a person does some writing, he will feel productive.
If a person had decided in advance, he will feel certain.
If a person has his rights violated, he wants to have his rights restored.
If a person studies everyday, he will feel challenged.
A person applies to a state school in order to be in a good school.
If a person believes others's innocence, he supports PersonY as a result.
A person is allowed to work independently in order to do something on his own.
If a person has an unpleasant surprise, he feels upset as a result.
A person has written letters to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person is a skillful linguist, he speaks several languages as a result.
If a person takes her child to the amusement park, he has fun with her child as a result.
If a person's life changes for the better, he is happy as a result.
If a person complains about a stinging sensation, he wants to be rid of the pain.
If a person suspects something, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person is a member of a church, he attends church regularly as a result.
If a person is not pleased by the review, he wants to get the review changed.
If a person keeps trying to write, he will feel motivated.
If a person is trained in everything, he is good at everything as a result.
If a person plans for the meeting, he will feel organized.
If a person makes his mark in the world, he will feel powerful.
If a person always tries to say the right thing, he wants to be more honest.
If a person works as a nurse, he learns to take care of people as a result.
If a person becomes a great role model, he will feel appreciated.
If a person goes dancing with friends, he will feel carefree.
If a person walks around outside, he will feel free.
If a person has had an accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
A person teaches others about history in order to share his knowledge.
A person helps at the soup kitchen in order to help others.
If a person gets a chance to cool off, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he will feel competent.
If a person completes a successful robbery, he will feel satisfied.
If a person convinces others to stop smoking, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a mission, he wants to complete the mission.
If a person has an art show, he sells his paintings as a result.
If a person becomes the leader of the gang, he will feel empowered.
If a person looks up old friends, he wants to reconnect with old friends.
If a person builds a network, he has a lot of friends as a result.
If a person is admired, he will feel respected.
A person is at school in order to get an education.
If a person gets a white Christmas, he will feel content.
If a person rethinks travel plans, he will feel worried.
If a person volunteers for a committee, he wants to get more involved.
If a person realizes what he's done, he is sorry as a result.
A person starts writing a book in order to share his ideas.
A person leaves to take a trip in order to see the world.
A person hits the books in order to succeed in school.
A person fixes the damage in order to make things right.
If a person really wants to help others, he wants to do more to help PersonY.
If a person listens to the introduction, he will feel attentive.
If a person does the right thing, he will feel happy.
If a person feels that others is very annoying, he wants to make PersonY stop being annoying.
If a person plays a song on a new musical instrument, he will feel excited.
A person tries to leave the office in order to be alone.
If a person starts to doubt, he will feel confused.
If a person got up in the morning, he will feel energetic.
A person works on his thesis in order to complete his thesis.
A person exercises in the morning in order to stay healthy.
If a person discovers that he has misplaced his car keys, he searches for his keys as a result.
If a person keeps in shape, he will feel confident.
If a person has a proper life, he will feel secure.
If a person gets some very good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person wants to look nice, he wears a nice outfit as a result.
If a person continues to work out, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person loses all money, he is broke as a result.
If a person has received a prize, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns to do, he becomes a better as a result.
If a person performs a task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is said to be gentle, he is considered to be a gentleman as a result.
If a person has good news for others, he wants to tell PersonY.
A person listens to others's opinion in order to know what PersonY thinks.
A person leaves for the office in order to get to work.
If a person has a bad month, he will feel down.
If a person fulfills others's every wish, he is appreciated by PersonY as a result.
A person studies dancing in order to be good at dancing.
If a person pays someone a compliment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person commits herself to a good cause, he wants to do a good job.
A person leaves home for the first time in order to be independent.
If a person has business interests in Europe, he is busy with his business as a result.
If a person solves a murder case, he will feel pleased.
If a person achieves something he had been aiming for, he will feel pleased.
If a person obtains a position, he will feel pleased.
A person builds an addition to her house in order to have a bigger house.
If a person tries to understand ObjectZ, he wants to know more about ObjectZ.
If a person becomes a winner, he is happy as a result.
If a person continues to work as normal, he will feel productive.
If a person learns how to be a leader, he will feel good.
If a person gets stronger, he will feel hopeful.
If a person starts classes, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns valuable information, he wants to use the information.
If a person gets in touch with her emotions, he will feel good.
A person believes others should fight in order PersonY to be able to defend himself.
A person opens her textbook in order to understand the material.
A person studies a table of facts in order to learn.
A person gives others a nice present in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person investigates something, he gets the information as a result.
If a person engages in an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person decides to settle, he will feel happy.
If a person takes some reading, he improves his reading skills as a result.
If a person convinces others to drop the charges, he will feel pleased.
If a person hears bad news, he feels sad as a result.
If a person worries about work, he will feel tense.
A person takes part in a journey in order to see the world.
If a person decides to join the choir, he learns to sing as a result.
If a person trusts others's advice, he will feel confident.
If a person is asked to participate, he will feel encouraged.
If a person has a dangerous encounter, he is frightened as a result.
A person studies German in order to improve her German.
If a person likes a band’s CD, he wants to buy the CD.
A person takes a painting class in order to improve her skills.
If a person begins writing, he wants to be a writer.
If a person watches the weather, he learns about weather as a result.
If a person suspects that others is gone, he wants to know where PersonY is.
If a person is suspicious of an alarm system, he wants to test the alarm system.
If a person is a successful manipulator, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has an argument with his wife, he 's wife is angry as a result.
A person begins the work in order to get the job done.
If a person settles into a vacation, he has a good time as a result.
A person studies one hour every day in order to be a good student.
A person begins writing in order to express her feelings.
If a person is on a hot date, he will feel excited.
A person thinks of a new way to explain causality in order to make his work more understandable.
If a person orders the book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works things out, he is happy as a result.
If a person shows respect for his professor, he will feel good.
If a person has a painting commissioned, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels at home in the guest room, he will feel relaxed.
A person encourages others's ideas in order to help PersonY.
If a person volunteers to help a charity, he will feel good.
If a person is pleased with the new dress, he wants to wear it.
A person meets up with an old friend in order to spend time with an old friend.
If a person gets involved in several businesses, he will feel busy.
If a person considers rehabilitating others, he wants to make PersonY a better person.
If a person establishes contact, he wants to stay in touch.
If a person makes plans for future, he will feel optimistic.
If a person is blessed, he will feel happy.
A person starts to protest in order to make a difference.
If a person ponders global warming, he will feel concerned.
If a person thinks of his family, he wants to be with his family.
If a person gets a big break, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes a smart move, he will feel confident.
If a person does a lot of research, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes an extra class, he will feel challenged.
A person stops others's mouth in order to keep PersonY from saying anything.
If a person drank many beers, he will feel drunk.
If a person reaches an important goal, he will feel happy.
If a person goes skating again, he has fun as a result.
If a person is back in control, he will feel calm.
If a person is somewhat stressed, he wants to relax.
If a person starts a good company, he is successful as a result.
A person wants to see about others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person prepares a business trip, he will feel organized.
If a person seeks enlightenment, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person attends dinner with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person leaves the movie theater in order to get away from the movie.
If a person decided to take up swimming, he wants to be a good swimmer.
A person visits a certain web site in order to see what is on the web.
If a person takes a writing class, he will feel challenged.
If a person notices something weird, he investigates as a result.
A person speaks to family in order to keep in touch with his family.
A person is getting ready for bed in order to be rested.
A person has a talk with his dad in order to have a conversation with his dad.
If a person has a frustrating day, he will feel disappointed.
If a person gets up to speed, he will feel on top of things.
If a person tells about a new purchase, he will feel pleased.
A person attends a school meeting in order to be part of the school.
If a person enjoys a sunset, he will feel tranquil.
If a person is the center of attention, he will feel important.
If a person is given a good life, he will feel happy.
A person makes a point of checking his watch in order to be punctual.
If a person plans an event, he will feel organized.
If a person enters an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person has a strong liking for others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person feels remorse, he wants to feel better.
If a person invites a relative to live with her, he wants to spend more time with her relative.
If a person thinks others has changed, he wants to know what PersonY has changed.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he enjoys the trip as a result.
If a person speaks calmly, he will feel at ease.
If a person examines a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person dances to some music, he will feel alive.
If a person and others visit a good place together, he will feel happy.
If a person has lived a rich life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes out a large loan, he becomes indebted as a result.
If a person considers an idea, he wants to pursue the idea.
If a person is living the good life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person uses person-oriented sentence structure, he is seen as eloquent.
A person serves in a community in order to be a good citizen.
If a person goes along with others, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
If a person's plans succeed, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes part in the sport, he will feel passionate.
If a person and others play miniature golf, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is taken care of, he feels better as a result.
If a person experiences a tragedy, he is saddened as a result.
A person tries to talk in order to be heard.
If a person becomes more interested in others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person buys a music record, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person asks for an opinion, he wants to be right.
If a person finds that strange, he is a little disturbed as a result.
If a person becomes a better person, he will feel pleased.
A person puts flowers on a grave in order to show respect.
If a person finishes a job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has the whole day for himself, he feels free as a result.
A person goes back to the office in order to do his job.
If a person makes drawings of others, he will feel creative.
If a person and others become roommates, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person tells about himself in order to show his true self.
If a person walks away with dignity, he will feel satisfied.
A person left his job in order to do something different.
If a person turns to writing poetry, he will feel inspired.
If a person gets accepted into school, he will feel happy.
A person practices arts and crafts in order to be a good artist.
If a person chases a thief, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes exhausted, he will feel overwhelmed.
A person puts in others's time in order to help PersonY.
If a person swears to never give up, he will feel strong.
A person sticks to school work in order to be successful.
A person keeps traveling in order to explore the world.
If a person finds a new girl, he will feel satisfied.
If a person participates in a community service project, he wants to be a volunteer.
If a person finally gets a pay rise, he feels happy as a result.
If a person goes out for pizza, he will feel happy.
A person is working hard in order to succeed.
If a person hires a new tutor, he wants to learn more.
A person registers at the training course in order to learn a new skill.
A person treats others to a meal in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person has had a real adventure, he has had a great time as a result.
If a person presents a defense, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person organizes something, he will feel successful.
If a person looks at others with a smile, he will feel happy.
If a person orders some food from a particular restaurant, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a good point, he will feel pleased.
If a person has too much work, he will feel stressed.
If a person gets medical supplies, he gets better as a result.
If a person gets the cure, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does one thing at a time, he will feel focused.
A person decides to experiment in order to be creative.
If a person worries about the baby, he wants to take care of the baby.
If a person joins a rally, he will feel excited.
If a person admires others’s honesty, he respects PersonY as a result.
If a person flips through the pages, he will feel curious.
A person puts forward a proposal in order to make a change.
A person dresses up for a fancy party in order to impress the people she is with.
If a person makes up a plan, he will feel organized.
If a person and others need to exercise, he and PersonY get fit as a result.
A person organizes a good party in order to make people happy.
If a person is in a good mood, he will feel confident.
A person writes his report in order to complete his assignment.
If a person serves her customers, he is seen as kind.
If a person argues about things, he will feel upset.
If a person joins an animal rights group, he meets other animal rights activists as a result.
If a person is offered a position, he wants to take the job.
If a person is enjoying a cup of coffee, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a good view, he will feel relaxed.
If a person solves a difficult problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person promises not to give up, he will feel hopeful.
A person walks on the street in order to see what is around him.
If a person learns from their mistake, he wants to make sure it doesn't happen again.
A person takes care of others's feelings in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person expects the story to take a turn, he wants to know what happens next.
If a person finds the girl beautiful, he is interested in her as a result.
If a person turns the tables on others, he will feel in control.
If a person grows closer to God, he will feel at peace.
If a person is eager to please others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person asks to come with others in order to be part of PersonY's plans.
If a person leads a healthy lifestyle, he will feel happy.
If a person questions their beliefs, he wants to find the truth.
A person goes to his father in order to talk to his father.
If a person has doubts about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person goes out to look for a restaurant in order to find a good restaurant.
If a person sends a thank-you card, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives closure, he will feel content.
If a person obtains data, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes her father, he wants to be close to her father.
A person reads the text in order to find out what the text says.
If a person completes the book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person hits his head on ceiling, he will feel a little sore.
If a person does not know where to start, he will feel lost.
A person searches for others on the internet in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person fears others's anger, he will feel worried.
If a person gets caught for crime, he is sent to jail as a result.
If a person begins to play golf, he improves his golf game as a result.
If a person is good at arguing, he will feel clever.
A person joins a book club in order to learn more about books.
A person decides to go into business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person and others spend the day together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person is a successful businessman, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a quiet Sunday, he will feel relaxed.
If a person buys chocolate cake, he is pleased with the cake as a result.
If a person comes to grips with something, he wants to do something about it.
A person will have to check that in order to be sure.
If a person feels in the dark, he wants to know what's going on.
A person looks through others's room in order to see what PersonY has.
If a person makes a good case, he will feel persuasive.
If a person has an eye for business, he will feel confident.
If a person is planning to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person likes to talk to others, he will feel connected.
If a person asks for her doctor’s help, he receives treatment as a result.
If a person vows to keep his word, he will feel sincere.
If a person drinks a glass of juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person ponders some more, he will feel unsure.
If a person doesn't like how others treats him, he wants to stop PersonY from treating him badly.
If a person has had a rewarding life, he will feel content.
If a person has good fashion sense, he will feel elegant.
If a person follows a plan, he wants to succeed.
If a person goes to work early, he will feel productive.
If a person rides his bike to work, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person questions the world, he learns to think as a result.
If a person receives a death threat, he will feel terrified.
If a person has a comfortable life, he will feel content.
A person reaches out to friends in order to be a good friend.
If a person turns out to be normal, he has a normal life as a result.
If a person remembers to take a break, he will feel rested.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he finds satisfaction in his work as a result.
If a person and others enjoy themselves, he will feel joyful.
A person practices a musical instrument in order to be good at something.
If a person finishes a college course, he will feel accomplished.
If a person scores a goal, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to explain herself in order to be understood.
A person considers leaving his job in order to be independent.
If a person plays video games with others, he will feel entertained.
A person looks at the difference in order to understand the situation.
If a person receives unexpected support, he is encouraged as a result.
A person stops someone from beating up others in order to protect PersonY.
If a person and others have a pleasant dinner, he will feel satisfied.
A person studies the menu in order to know what to order.
A person asks question to others in order to know the answer.
If a person reads an article, he will feel interested.
If a person takes up Yoga, he wants to do more Yoga.
If a person seems to enjoy singing, he wants to sing more.
If a person gets well soon, he will feel happy.
If a person gets noticed, he will feel admired.
If a person becomes a born-again Christian, he becomes a better person as a result.
A person stares at himself in the mirror in order to know what he looks like.
If a person jogs for exercise, he will feel energized.
A person calls others’s cell phone in order to check on PersonY.
A person considers ways to get a new job in order to be more successful.
If a person rethinks everything, he will feel uncertain.
A person organizes the waitstaff in order to have an efficient waitstaff.
A person starts to break into a house in order to find out what is inside.
If a person finishes his schoolwork, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a scare, he will feel anxious.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to shiver, he wants to get warm.
A person goes to get others's phone number in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person returns to nature, he will feel refreshed.
A person chooses to fight in order to defend himself.
If a person agrees to all terms, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gives an inspirational speech, he will feel confident.
If a person recalls past events, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person opens a medical manual, he learns about the human body as a result.
If a person tries to get his property back, he will feel determined.
If a person achieves a 10-pound weight loss, he is slim as a result.
A person checks the situation in order to know what is going on.
If a person joins a sporting club, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets someone to lend a hand, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets beaten by others, he will feel defeated.
If a person finds something appealing, he will feel happy.
If a person put on a show, he will feel proud.
If a person turns over new leaf, he will feel hopeful.
If a person decides to take up jogging, he will feel energized.
If a person visits the pub, he will feel entertained.
A person is careful not to disrupt others in order to respect PersonY.
If a person walks along the seashore, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person takes her lunch break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person makes good use of his time, he will feel happy.
A person attempts to be personable in order to be liked.
If a person finds that he likes them, he wants to be with them.
If a person puts on some music, he is happy as a result.
A person suggests that others call him later in order to be able to speak to PersonY.
A person continues to study in order to succeed in school.
A person goes to see his father in order to spend time with his father.
If a person practices the delivery, he gets better at delivering as a result.
If a person suffers from obesity, he will feel unhealthy.
If a person makes her own choice, he will feel independent.
A person holds onto it in order to be able to keep it.
If a person gets an honest answer, he will feel understood.
If a person finds a new music player, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a pleasant stay, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets hit in the eye, he is in pain as a result.
A person walks out to the lake in order to enjoy the lake.
If a person looks after the kids, he is seen as a good parent.
If a person accepts a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person puts on the clothes, he will feel comfortable.
If a person does many chores, he will feel busy.
If a person did not enjoy his date with others, he does not go out with PersonY again as a result.
A person looks into it in order to find out more.
If a person realizes that it is raining, he will feel wet.
If a person questions the source, he wants to find out the truth.
A person chooses to study every day in order to be a better student.
If a person struggles with the high rate of taxes, he wants to pay less taxes.
A person picks up a glass of water in order to be hydrated.
If a person considers other people’s feelings, he is a considerate person as a result.
If a person runs around the neighborhood, he will feel energetic.
If a person leads an amazing life, he is happy as a result.
If a person asks questions about, he wants to know more.
A person works on himself in order to be more self-confident.
A person gets ready to travel in order to explore the world.
A person had been trying in order to succeed.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he wants to stop.
If a person comes up to others's expectations, he earns PersonY's respect as a result.
If a person is a gifted writer, he is published as a result.
If a person values his own autonomy, he is a self-reliant person as a result.
If a person discovers a new drink, he wants to drink it.
If a person creates a special occasion for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to hang out with others, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person learns to trust, he wants to trust others.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he wants to be a good person.
If a person took offense, he was angry as a result.
If a person begins a self-help group, he will feel empowered.
If a person looks up information on others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person realizes that something isn't right, he will feel alarmed.
If a person agrees to go on a date with others, he wants to see PersonY again.
If a person has fun in a small town, he will feel relaxed.
If a person figures out a solution, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a very hard time, he has a lot of problems as a result.
If a person accepts a gift from others, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person plays an arcade game, he will feel excited.
If a person takes up jogging, he will feel fit.
If a person builds an empire, he will feel accomplished.
A person contributes to household tasks in order to help his family.
A person travels far in order to experience the world.
If a person thinks about how one thing led to another, he will feel curious.
A person pays the electricity bill in order to be able to afford the electricity bill.
If a person decides to enjoy life, he will feel content.
If a person dines and dates, he meets someone new as a result.
If a person earns others's confidence, he will feel respected.
If a person learns to treat people fairly, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person looks after himself, he will feel independent.
If a person feels someone’s pain, he feels sympathy for the person as a result.
If a person puts on some color, he will feel happy.
If a person smells a stinky smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
A person stops, looks around in order to see what is around him.
If a person enjoys a walk in the woods, he will feel peaceful.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel confident.
If a person determines to have fun, he enjoys his life as a result.
If a person's temper starts to flare, he wants to control his temper.
If a person soaks in the tub, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person does a great big dance, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to see a musical, he enjoys the show as a result.
If a person becomes outraged, he wants to scream.
If a person plans his future, he will feel determined.
If a person takes a long vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person is a good homemaker, he will feel happy.
If a person studies for a test, he will feel motivated.
If a person is given a beating, he is bruised as a result.
If a person has a puzzle sent to him, he wants to solve the puzzle.
If a person is kissed on the lips, he feels loved as a result.
A person reads, reads, reads in order to learn.
If a person makes improvements to the system, he is seen as efficient.
If a person pauses to consider, he thinks more carefully as a result.
If a person finds a cool place to live, he wants to live there.
A person has a strong sense of fairness in order to make sure that everyone gets what they deserve.
If a person works hard to achieve something, he wants to achieve more.
A person obtains contact details in order to be able to contact people.
If a person learns about cooking, he is better at cooking as a result.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to do better.
If a person signs up for yoga, he gets fit as a result.
If a person asks about a strange sound, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person eats the delicious food, he is full as a result.
If a person is very interested in how things work, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person paints the fence again in order to make the fence look nice.
If a person knows exactly what he is doing, he will feel confident.
If a person tries to solve others's writing problems, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person attempts to solve an important problem, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins in the game, he feels happy as a result.
If a person comes up with a way to entertain him, he will feel excited.
If a person devotes herself to science, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a walk through the park, he has a nice time as a result.
If a person files charges against others, he wants to see PersonY in jail.
A person arranges the room in order to be tidy.
If a person lives in a beautiful place, he will feel peaceful.
If a person's new book is a critical and financial success, he is pleased as a result.
If a person organizes a retreat, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person gets ahead of others in the game, he will feel superior.
If a person competes in the sport, he wants to win.
If a person worries about school, he wants to be a good student.
A person makes all the preparations in order to make sure everything is ready.
If a person wins a major prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person tells her kids a story, he 's kids are entertained as a result.
If a person explains everything, he is understood as a result.
If a person speaks of personal growth, he wants to become a better person.
If a person completes the plan, he will feel successful.
If a person eats the dinner, he is full as a result.
If a person regrets doing it, he wants to not do it again.
If a person worries about others’s reputation, he wants to make PersonY’s reputation better.
A person calls an attorney in order to defend himself.
If a person wins a contract, he will feel pleased.
A person starts a serious project in order to do something worthwhile.
If a person keeps calm and forces himself to focus, he will feel focused.
A person invites others to his or her house in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person makes a good deal, he will feel successful.
A person makes a phone call in order to speak to someone.
If a person and others are able to communicate, he will feel understood.
If a person is compassionate, he wants to be kind.
A person makes others a good gift in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person becomes irritated, he loses his temper as a result.
A person finishes off the agenda in order to get the job done.
If a person gets an explanation, he feels understood as a result.
If a person is having a great time, he will feel relaxed.
A person teaches others to fight in order to teach PersonY to defend himself.
If a person marries his high school sweetheart, he is happy as a result.
If a person meets an acquaintance on the street, he wants to talk to the acquaintance.
If a person has a wild time, he will feel joyful.
A person teaches self how to program in order to learn a new skill.
If a person checks on the students, he is seen as a caring person.
If a person sits down and relaxes, he will feel content.
A person gives a telephone message to Mary in order to help Mary.
If a person cares for others’s feelings, he wants to comfort PersonY.
A person was on the move in order to explore.
If a person has a day off from work, he gets to relax as a result.
If a person finds a peaceful place, he relaxes as a result.
If a person gets a broken foot, he is in pain as a result.
A person applies to join an elite unit in order to be the best.
If a person watches old movies, he gets a taste for classic films as a result.
If a person thinks about others fondly, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person sends personY to bed in order to give personY a good night's sleep.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he is a better violinist as a result.
If a person visits a dance club, he will feel excited.
If a person finishes a task, he will feel happy.
If a person prays in Church, he will feel spiritual.
A person contacts friends in order to stay in touch with friends.
A person leaves a home in order to move on.
If a person gets a piece of the action, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person worries about unemployment, he wants to get a job.
If a person is struggling with a problem, he will feel discouraged.
If a person discovers an important relationship, he wants to find out more about the relationship.
If a person finds love again, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys others's good mood, he feels happy as a result.
If a person learns to use his power, he will feel powerful.
If a person makes a good presentation, he will feel successful.
If a person is now on the path to success, he will feel proud.
A person suggests an alternative in order to find a better solution.
If a person gets a compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person shows others around the city, he is seen as a good tour guide.
If a person is more experienced, he will feel competent.
If a person makes something to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person visits the local museum, he will feel curious.
If a person likes to relax, he will feel refreshed.
If a person comes across some old photos, he wants to look at the photos.
If a person receives a death threat, he will feel afraid.
A person builds an extension to his house in order to have more space.
A person performs public service in order to be a good citizen.
A person ends others's excuse-making in order to stop PersonY from wasting time.
If a person and others love to spend time together, he will feel happy.
If a person plays lots of games, he will feel entertained.
If a person is careful not to offend others, he will feel respectful.
If a person and others go to the bookstore, he wants to read a book.
If a person read the book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person decides to start exercising, he will feel energetic.
If a person is yelled at by a strange person, he will feel angry.
If a person has a really good time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is very artistic, he is a great artist as a result.
If a person decides on a place to live, he will feel pleased.
A person leaves the town in order to be independent.
If a person buys a new dress, he is pleased with her appearance as a result.
If a person and others ask each other a question, he and PersonY discuss the question as a result.
A person walks to the drugstore in order to get medicine.
If a person has a great meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fears making a big mistake, he wants to make a good decision.
A person signs up for war in order to fight for his country.
If a person checks into a new hotel, he will feel pleased.
A person encourages others's activities in order to help PersonY succeed.
A person leaves with his friends in order to spend time with his friends.
A person puts all those clothes in the washer in order to get the laundry done.
If a person puts one over on others, he will feel pleased.
A person works hard at others’s job in order to be good at PersonY’s job.
If a person doesn't accept the outcome, he will feel angry.
If a person sees through others's eyes, he sees the world through PersonY's eyes as a result.
If a person discovers a new love, he will feel content.
If a person gets a change of clothes, he looks better as a result.
A person treats others for dinner in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person works through things, he wants to solve problems.
If a person has a massage, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person fills in the questionnaire, he will feel curious.
If a person obtains help from others, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person finds a new book, he wants to read the book.
A person travels to school in order to learn new things.
If a person fights a battle for others, he will feel determined.
If a person writes about the world, he is seen as intelligent.
A person arranges a raid in order to capture the criminal.
If a person goes ahead with her work, he will feel determined.
If a person tends to the needs of a friend, he will feel helpful.
If a person shows others a good example, he gets praise from PersonY as a result.
If a person hugs others warmly, he feels good as a result.
If a person drinks beer every day, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person swims in the sea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person plans to buy a boat, he wants to go sailing.
A person cleans their apartment in order to be neat.
If a person doesn't know where to start, he will feel uncertain.
If a person cooks a perfect meal, he will feel accomplished.
A person travels to far-off places in order to experience new things.
If a person considers others's past, he will feel curious.
If a person has recovered from his injuries, he is back to his old self as a result.
A person proposes a change in plan in order to make a better plan.
If a person discovers a new use for others, he wants to keep using PersonY.
A person does a nice thing for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person rises to power, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes caught up in things, he will feel anxious.
A person is on the point of leaving in order to be free.
If a person talks to some neighbors, he wants to get to know his neighbors.
If a person likes spending time with others, he will feel content.
If a person is having a good time with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person is willing to take the challenge, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks of alternatives, he wants to try something new.
If a person has money taken, he wants to have money returned.
A person revises his syllabus in order to improve his teaching.
If a person stands up and dances, he will feel happy.
If a person joins in with others's plans, he becomes a team player as a result.
If a person and others go deer hunting, he and PersonY get some meat as a result.
If a person asks someone related to others, he learns something about PersonY as a result.
If a person and others have similar opinions, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person goes to a shrink, he will feel comfortable.
If a person looks at a new car, he will feel interested.
If a person and others have fun together, he will feel content.
If a person attends a political rally, he learns about politics as a result.
A person suggests something to others in order to help PersonY.
A person contributes some money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is bathed, he will feel clean.
If a person engages in poetry, he wants to be a poet.
If a person reads books well, he will feel competent.
If a person considers the reasons, he wants to think about it.
If a person plays with her kids, he gets to know her kids as a result.
If a person decides to stop pretending, he will feel liberated.
A person calls the cat in order to talk to the cat.
If a person is offered a great job, he is happy as a result.
If a person volunteers to help others with cooking, he gets a taste of PersonY’s cooking as a result.
If a person learns French very quickly, he speaks French fluently as a result.
If a person decides to study for his class, he will feel determined.
If a person is disgruntled, he wants to feel better.
A person organizes her tasks in order to be efficient.
If a person watches a lot of sports on TV, he becomes a sports fan as a result.
If a person’s world falls apart, he is devastated as a result.
A person puts on her clothing in order to look presentable.
If a person argues with the boyfriend, he will feel angry.
If a person considers others to be a nice guy, he likes PersonY as a result.
A person buys a surprise for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person adjusts to a new environment, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks others is a good listener, he will feel listened to.
A person calls and visits friends in order to spend time with friends.
If a person comes to regret it, he wants to forget it.
If a person is offered a very good job, he wants to take the job.
If a person goes for a short walk, he will feel calm.
If a person makes a clean getaway, he will feel victorious.
If a person has received some important news, he will feel content.
A person tries to figure out a problem in order to be able to solve problems.
A person buys a house for herself in order to be independent.
If a person wants to convince others, he will feel determined.
If a person kisses and hugs others, he will feel loving.
If a person realizes it's a solid business model, he will feel confident.
If a person wants to make his future wife happy, he marries a woman he loves as a result.
If a person ponders life and the universe, he will feel philosophical.
If a person feels that someone is looking for , he wants to find out who is looking for him.
If a person is given a favorable review, he is happy as a result.
A person follows others's story in order to learn about PersonY.
If a person sleeps in bed, he will feel rested.
If a person gets a good price, he will feel satisfied.
A person studies everyday in order to be a good student.
If a person works on DIY project, he gets his hands dirty as a result.
If a person visits a science museum, he learns about science as a result.
If a person and others visit an art gallery, he and PersonY enjoy the art as a result.
If a person starts playing games, he will feel entertained.
If a person cares about living beings, he wants to help others.
If a person finds a wonderful dress, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys a chair, he is pleased with the chair as a result.
A person considers taking a trip in order to see the world.
A person refrains from arguing in order to avoid conflict.
If a person lands a good job, he is happy as a result.
A person trains every day in order to be fit.
A person prepares for big-game hunting in order to be prepared for a new task.
If a person takes the upper hand, he will feel strong.
A person goes on a voyage in order to explore the world.
A person questions a shopkeeper in order to know more about the store.
If a person begins to change, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person realises they have made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person is prepared for traveling, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks about changing his life, he wants to be a better person.
If a person gets upset over a lost sock, he wants to find the sock.
A person is always doing other people's work in order to be useful.
A person starts working on the Community Center in order to make the Community Center a success.
If a person likes to hang out with friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person takes an architectural tour, he will feel intrigued.
A person promises to attend church in order to be a good person.
If a person dresses for dinner, he will feel pretty.
If a person is disturbed by what he sees, he will feel horrified.
If a person feels close to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person wins a movie contest, he will feel pleased.
A person works for a living in order to be self sufficient.
If a person communicates with someone, he will feel understood.
A person attends a lecture on sex in order to be knowledgeable about sex.
A person talks with others about person Z in order to tell PersonY about person Z.
If a person repents of his deed, he wants to stop doing bad things.
If a person thinks about what he or she has done, he will feel guilty.
A person talks about personY to PersonZ in order to explain personY to personZ.
If a person takes time to have a rest, he is refreshed as a result.
A person decides to bring others home in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has an emergency, he wants to get help.
If a person cooks something good, he will feel happy.
If a person makes amends with others, he will feel relieved.
If a person wins a new car, he will feel happy.
A person visits the old friend in order to reconnect with the old friend.
If a person notices the mark, he becomes interested in the mark as a result.
If a person organizes the meeting, he will feel in control.
If a person enjoys taking pictures, he wants to take pictures of everything.
If a person decides to go to the sea, he enjoys the sea as a result.
If a person learns of a job opportunity, he wants to take the job.
If a person does a little dance, he is happy as a result.
A person makes love to his wife in order to be close to his wife.
A person registers for a one-day school in order to learn something new.
A person learns how to operate a computer in order to be able to use a computer.
If a person knew that others was coming, he was prepared for PersonY’s arrival as a result.
If a person orders new tires, he is pleased with his new tires as a result.
If a person earns a compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person bathes himself, he is clean as a result.
If a person is meditating, he feels calm as a result.
If a person gets his way, he is pleased as a result.
If a person watches TV for hours, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others talk about the trip, he and PersonY make plans for the trip as a result.
If a person begins a new conversation, he will feel engaged.
If a person asks to be comforted, he will feel consoled.
If a person is dressed and made up, he is pleased with her appearance as a result.
If a person tends to break their promises, he is considered unreliable as a result.
If a person takes part in an exercise class, he gets fit as a result.
If a person and others do karaoke, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds others's conduct objectionable, he wants to stop PersonY from acting this way.
If a person eats her meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stands up for his rights, he will feel strong.
If a person feels very depressed, he wants to feel better.
If a person likes her father, he is close to her father as a result.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening, he will feel calm.
A person tries to correct error in order to do the right thing.
A person goes to a good restaurant in order to be well fed.
A person quit the job in order to be independent.
If a person decides to begin cooking, he wants to cook for her family.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person grows accustomed to something, he will feel content.
If a person and others fails to secure a job, he and PersonY is unemployed as a result.
If a person starts a new habit, he wants to continue the habit.
If a person feels that others's crime is beyond forgiveness, he wants to make PersonY pay.
If a person begins traveling, he gains experience as a result.
If a person takes care of his own, he will feel competent.
A person provides enough detail in order to be thorough.
If a person is puzzled by others, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person fends off an attacker, he gets away as a result.
If a person pours water into others's boat, he damages PersonY's boat as a result.
If a person makes an effort to be nice, he will feel good.
If a person begins to regret having gone, he wants to stay home.
A person give his best to personY in order to make personY happy.
If a person identifies the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person accepts a well-paying job, he is happy as a result.
A person continues her journey in order to learn more about herself.
If a person will take care of others, he will feel confident.
If a person studies the contents of a folder, he will feel curious.
A person talks to others’s family in order to help PersonY’s family.
If a person lets go of a bad habit, he will feel free.
If a person questions someone, he wants to know more.
If a person has had a rewarding life, he will feel happy.
If a person has an awkward encounter, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person is hit by a car, he will feel pain.
If a person dislikes others’s silence, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is appreciated by his friends, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he will feel delighted.
If a person began to form a plan, he will feel organized.
If a person agrees with others's view, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is hugged, he will feel loved.
If a person takes a vacation in the tropics, he will feel relaxed.
If a person acts as a part of society, he will feel responsible.
A person bends down to kiss others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person tries to get in the holiday spirit, he will feel happy.
A person reads to the end of the book in order to know the ending.
A person discusses the cause in order to be involved in the cause.
If a person starts jogging, he gets fit as a result.
If a person listens to pleas, he is a good listener as a result.
If a person has a chance, he will feel optimistic.
If a person puts on a coat and gloves, he will feel prepared.
If a person finds a way to make it work, he is seen as clever.
A person travels far in order to see the world.
If a person is badly hurt in an accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
A person sees the doctor in order to get better.
A person researches at the library in order to learn more about the subject.
A person reads others's notes in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person is a promising student, he is successful as a result.
If a person deserved to hear, he will feel understood.
A person leads a spiritual discussion in order to share his beliefs.
If a person takes good care of himself, he will feel good.
If a person gets encouragement from others, he gains confidence as a result.
A person introduces others to their friends in order to help PersonY get closer to their friends.
If a person faces hell, he will feel miserable.
If a person leads others to the right path, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person sees something happen, he wants to know what happened.
If a person is an excellent dresser, he will feel sexy.
A person takes a look around in order to explore the area.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets something and is immediately unsatisfied, he will feel irritated.
If a person is worn down, he will feel discouraged.
If a person fixes things, he will feel competent.
If a person gets his life back on track, he wants to be happy.
If a person is a grown man, he will feel mature.
If a person receives encouragement, he will feel happy.
If a person has a new idea, he will feel excited.
A person dials the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person and others check themselves into a rehab center, he and PersonY become sober as a result.
If a person is hired for the job, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds a new love, he is happy as a result.
A person talks with a person of interest in order to find out more about the person.
If a person finds a wife, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good time with others, he feels happy as a result.
If a person eats supper, he will feel full.
If a person becomes a big success, he becomes rich as a result.
A person presents others with her daily morning schedule in order to help PersonY organize her day.
A person exchanges words with others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person starts early in order to get a head start on the day.
A person calls others to mind in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has a nice time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person practices cooking, he is seen as good at cooking.
If a person becomes known as others's friend, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person gets a part in the play, he will feel pleased.
If a person creates a to-do list, he will feel productive.
If a person has become frustrated, he gets angry as a result.
If a person asks to borrow others's CD, he listens to the CD as a result.
If a person proves him wrong, he will feel superior.
If a person learns from his own experience, he will feel wise.
If a person talks to others's friends, he learns about PersonY's friends as a result.
If a person takes others for a sail, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person discovers a new sport, he enjoys the sport as a result.
If a person and others both fall down, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
A person put on a play in order to entertain people.
If a person warns about danger, he wants to warn others.
A person travels to the New World in order to learn about the New World.
If a person immediately regrets the action, he wants to take back the action.
If a person fights the monster, he wants to get rid of the monster.
If a person completes an important exam, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a sponge for knowledge, he will feel enlightened.
If a person continues to learn, he will feel motivated.
If a person sets off to travel the world, he will feel excited.
If a person solves others's work quickly, he will feel accomplished.
If a person goes to the campground, he meets the campers as a result.
If a person makes plans for tomorrow, he is excited about tomorrow as a result.
If a person slips and breaks a leg, he is out of action for a while as a result.
A person goes to football camp in order to get better at football.
If a person knows how to think, he will feel clever.
If a person visits the local shrine, he has a religious experience as a result.
If a person obtains favor from others, he will feel valued.
If a person weighs the pros and cons, he wants to make a decision.
If a person becomes aware of the situation, he is concerned as a result.
If a person considers the situation from a philosophical perspective, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person immediately regrets the action, he wants to apologize.
If a person accepts the offer, he wants to do the job.
If a person seems to have succeeded, he will feel confident.
If a person is doing the right thing, he is happy as a result.
If a person corrects a mistake, he will feel confident.
A person builds a big house for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person tries to stay calm, he is not angry as a result.
If a person succeeds in doing business, he is happy as a result.
If a person puts it all together, he will feel satisfied.
A person listens to others tell a story in order to hear PersonY's story.
If a person listens to others on the radio, he will feel entertained.
A person buys a ticket to hear a concert in order to hear a great concert.
If a person maintains his focus, he will feel in control.
If a person starts up an international business, he is successful as a result.
A person persuades others to go to the opera in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person competes for others's attention, he wants to win PersonY's love.
A person moves back in with parents in order to get closer to his family.
If a person expects a raise, he will feel optimistic.
If a person meets an important goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person swims for exercise, he will feel energetic.
A person goes to the president in order to tell the president something.
If a person becomes aware of a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person is uncomfortable at work, he will feel anxious.
If a person's fortunes improve, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues to search, he wants to find the answer.
If a person requests not to be disturbed, he is alone as a result.
If a person allows himself to be loved, he will feel cherished.
A person and others decide to meet again in order to be with PersonY.
If a person fixes dinner, he has a good meal as a result.
If a person decides to do the right thing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person cares about the future of others, he helps PersonY in the future as a result.
A person participates in a demonstration in order to be a part of a cause.
If a person goes to a karaoke bar, he will feel fun.
If a person adopts a religion, he will feel devout.
A person searches online in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person has a good time in the park, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes control of the whole group, he will feel confident.
If a person and others play on the slide, he will feel playful.
If a person fends off attackers, he will feel in control.
If a person devises a unique method of enjoying the evening, he has a good time as a result.
If a person was shot in the head, he will feel in pain.
A person is at a friend's house in order to be with a friend.
If a person is pleased about the job, he wants to keep the job.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolved the argument, he will feel happy.
A person explores many countries in order to see the world.
If a person invests in a new product, he will feel satisfied.
A person gets his way in order to be in control.
If a person thinks about the person, he will feel interested.
A person invests some time in that endeavor in order to be successful.
A person drives to others's cabin in order to meet PersonY.
A person attempts to confront others in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person is a great salesman, he will feel successful.
A person goes to a new place in order to explore new places.
If a person gets the children back, he will feel pleased.
If a person is pleasant to the waitress, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others rekindle their love, he will feel happy.
If a person says a few nice words, he is seen as kind.
If a person studies diligently, he will feel motivated.
A person listens to new music in order to expand his musical tastes.
A person hires a cleaning lady in order to have a clean house.
If a person takes a quiet walk, he is relaxed as a result.
A person teaches others about his art in order to help PersonY develop his talent.
If a person gets help, he will feel supported.
A person plans to go camping this weekend in order to be in nature.
A person starts to read the book in order to learn about the book.
If a person decides to wash, he gets clean as a result.
If a person makes good on his promise, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to go back to school in order to be more intelligent.
If a person worries about being out of work, he wants to find a job.
If a person explores the possibility, he will feel adventurous.
A person picks up others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person leaves with a flourish, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is going to be a wealthy businessman, he will feel confident.
If a person feels guilty about something, he wants to feel better.
A person buys new furniture in order to make his home more comfortable.
If a person likes to sing songs, he wants to perform in front of an audience.
A person studies frequently in order to be a good student.
If a person expects great things of others, he will feel confident.
If a person realizes that something isn't right, he wants to figure out what is wrong.
If a person is punched, he will feel hurt.
If a person shows a lot of interest, he wants to know more.
If a person is starting to fall in love with others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person investigates his own emotions, he wants to learn more about himself.
If a person turns the pages of a book, he will feel curious.
A person and others discuss others's feelings in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person reads a book at bedtime, he will feel calm.
If a person plays the guitar for fun, he will feel excited.
If a person finds fault, he will feel upset.
A person decides to return home early in order to be at home with his family.
If a person bangs into a brick wall, he is injured as a result.
If a person gains information, he knows more about the situation as a result.
If a person does so much for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
A person helps the town in order to be a good citizen.
If a person has an eye on the prize, he will feel excited.
If a person buys a new set of furniture, he will feel happy.
If a person can't get over it, he is depressed as a result.
If a person gives a good lesson, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others grow closer, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is under stress, he wants to relax.
A person was there waiting for me in order to help me.
If a person takes a spiritual journey, he gains inner peace as a result.
If a person looks up to others, he wants to be like PersonY.
A person analyzes the data in order to understand the situation.
If a person is the leading character, he will feel important.
If a person is given a favorable review, he will feel happy.
If a person helps solve the case, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets her name in the paper, he will feel famous.
If a person sings along to songs, he will feel joyful.
If a person is a successful painter, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person builds a career, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person begins singing again, he will feel joyful.
If a person takes up sewing, he will feel productive.
If a person begins with a question, he wants to find the answer.
If a person tries out a new soft drink, he wants to drink the new soft drink.
A person dines out at a good restaurant in order to be well fed.
If a person worries about losing others, he wants to make sure PersonY stays.
If a person is angry at others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person asks others to explain it again, he wants to know more.
If a person begins to feel sorry for others, he begins to be nice to PersonY as a result.
If a person goes for a walk on the beach, he has a relaxing day as a result.
If a person worries about the environment, he wants to protect the environment.
If a person visits the bathhouse, he will feel refreshed.
A person returns to his office in order to get back to work.
If a person is on the right track, he will feel pleased.
If a person gives a great performance, he will feel satisfied.
A person attends the family reunion in order to be part of the family.
A person earns his degree in order to complete his education.
If a person reads numerous books, he will feel motivated.
If a person has important information, he wants to share the information.
If a person gives a successful lecture, he gets a good review as a result.
A person asks to speak with others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person is a dutiful spouse, he will feel respected.
If a person prepares for a 10K race, he will feel motivated.
If a person lives up to his duty, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gains recognition, he will feel successful.
If a person reads few more books, he will feel curious.
A person gets accepted into a college in order to be able to study.
If a person celebrates with his family, he will feel proud.
A person checks out others's apartment in order to see the inside of PersonY's apartment.
If a person feels sorry for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person reads the letter, he wants to know what it says.
If a person looks up to it, he will feel respected.
If a person gets on a diet, he loses weight as a result.
If a person is very religious, he attends church regularly as a result.
If a person enjoys time alone, he will feel peaceful.
A person takes a cat to the vet in order to make sure the cat is okay.
If a person wins a special prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person files a missing person report, he wants to find the person.
If a person drinks some beer, he will feel tipsy.
If a person is a highly qualified individual, he will feel confident.
If a person has an accident on the bike, he is hurt as a result.
If a person goes to visit the doctor, he wants to get better.
A person avoids the question in order to avoid a confrontation.
If a person meets a friend on the street, he becomes friends with the friend as a result.
If a person listens to the music, he likes the music as a result.
A person repairs the computer in order to make the computer work.
If a person gets up early in the morning, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes out to take a walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person knows how to be nice, he will feel good.
If a person asks the friend for help, he is helped by the friend as a result.
If a person invites his friends over, he gets a chance to socialize as a result.
If a person does a background check, he will feel cautious.
If a person checks the voicemail, he wants to listen to the messages.
A person pays to learn how to play in order to be better at something.
If a person rediscovers her art, he will feel joyful.
If a person eats something tasty, he will feel satisfied.
If a person becomes fascinated with it, he wants to read more about it.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he wants to hear the speaker.
A person learns the game in order to improve his skills.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he will feel determined.
If a person receives a law degree, he becomes a lawyer as a result.
If a person becomes a champion of the poor, he will feel good.
If a person receives the bad news, he will feel disappointed.
If a person took the news well, he will feel calm.
If a person can't cope with school, he wants to quit school.
A person shares his or her plans for the future in order to show the others how he or she is going to achieve.
A person works all day long in order to make money.
If a person buys a better bed, he sleeps better as a result.
If a person is covered with a blanket, he will feel warm.
If a person asks others out on a date, he and PersonY are a couple as a result.
A person goes to the house of others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person keeps on meeting others in order to keep on talking to PersonY.
If a person is confused about directions, he wants to ask for directions.
If a person finds someone special, he wants to spend more time with that person.
A person reads the book in order to learn about the book.
If a person befriends someone, he will feel liked.
If a person takes over the driving, he will feel in control.
A person treats others to a wonderful dinner in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has had a bath, he will feel clean.
If a person is paid a compliment, he will feel flattered.
If a person finds himself a wife, he will feel pleased.
If a person started hanging out with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person learns to love again, he will feel happy.
If a person is thinking of war, he will feel anxious.
If a person discovers something unusual, he wants to investigate.
If a person has a panic attack, he wants to go to the hospital.
If a person gets through it, he will feel successful.
A person read the note in order to know what the note says.
If a person thinks someone might shoot him, he wants to be safe.
If a person crosses the finish line, he will feel happy.
A person gets others to study in order to make PersonY better.
If a person is a contest winner, he will feel happy.
If a person stands up for her rights, he will feel empowered.
A person builds an addition on the house in order to make the house bigger.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he understands the speaker as a result.
A person leaves messages in order to communicate with people.
If a person finds a lovely spot, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a facelift, he will feel confident.
If a person sees something shocking, he is upset as a result.
A person teaches self how to program in order to be a programmer.
If a person is always polite, he is seen as a good person.
If a person convinces others to accept his position, he will feel victorious.
A person insists on another recount in order to be sure.
If a person shares in a hobby, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries to overcome, he will feel determined.
If a person knocks over a cup of tea, he spills tea as a result.
If a person runs into danger, he will feel scared.
If a person has an important appointment, he wants to get to the appointment on time.
If a person couldn't get back to sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person takes part in the sport, he will feel fit.
If a person returns to his roots, he feels a sense of belonging as a result.
If a person goes out to take a walk, he will feel content.
If a person organizes another charity, he wants to help more people.
If a person is dissatisfied with the news, he will feel angry.
If a person receives praise from others, he will feel encouraged.
A person decides to send email in order to communicate with the world.
If a person has a big day at work, he will feel happy.
If a person performs effectively, he will feel pleased.
If a person regrets some past action, he wants to change the past.
If a person has a long relationship with others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person moves toward his destiny, he wants to do what he is supposed to do.
If a person keeps trying no matter what, he will feel determined.
If a person is getting stressed out, he will feel frustrated.
If a person has committed a crime, he is arrested as a result.
If a person pays a bunch of attention to others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person writes a well-received screenplay, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person is believed to be honest, he will feel trusted.
A person organizes the workers in order to keep the workers on task.
If a person learns to treat people fairly, he will feel respected.
If a person takes care of her own baby, he gets to spend time with her baby as a result.
If a person plans a time, he will feel in control.
If a person's back in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person took a nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person performs well in bed, he is pleased with his performance as a result.
A person does some decorating in order to improve the appearance of the house.
If a person purchases her home, he is happy with her home as a result.
If a person gets into the bathtub, he will feel comfortable.
If a person plays a card game, he will feel entertained.
If a person's troubles continue, he is upset as a result.
If a person looks for money, he wants to find a job.
A person leaves his job in order to be independent.
If a person makes a pilgrimage to the holy land, he will feel devout.
A person eats while standing up in order to eat without sitting down.
If a person spends more time with others, he becomes closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person is unhappy with the result, he wants to change the situation.
If a person has no stress, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is practicing meditation, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person manages, he will feel capable.
If a person gets hot, he wants to cool off.
If a person reaches out to a friend, he wants to get closer to his friend.
If a person asks others to come into the living room, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person takes down a political opponent, he will feel victorious.
If a person has caught a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person has 'had it' with others, he wants to leave PersonY.
If a person tries to talk things over, he will feel open.
A person pays attention in class in order to be good at school.
If a person takes on a cause, he wants to help others.
A person decides to mow the lawn in order to keep the lawn clean.
If a person tries to defend their point of view, he is seen as persuasive.
A person questions everything in order to be informed.
If a person takes part in an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person explores a hobby, he wants to continue exploring.
If a person practices her cheerleading routine, he gets better at cheerleading as a result.
If a person is considered a hero, he will feel respected.
If a person shows up at others's, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person helps her neighbor in order to be a good neighbor.
If a person visits a bookshop, he buys a book as a result.
If a person enjoys an outing, he will feel content.
A person refuses to act on impulse in order to be calm.
If a person can't take it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person sees a good life, he will feel joyful.
A person has studied English for a long time in order to be fluent in English.
If a person watches some cool shows, he learns to appreciate good TV as a result.
If a person plots her revenge, he will feel powerful.
If a person stops to watch the sunset, he enjoys the sunset as a result.
If a person studies hard, he is seen as smart.
A person fixes an air conditioner in order to be able to cool the house.
If a person pays attention to his goals, he achieves his goals as a result.
If a person volunteers to be on the charity committee, he wants to help others.
If a person takes a long bath, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person was successful, he will feel proud.
A person cleans up after himself in order to be tidy.
If a person tries to check out books, he is able to read as a result.
If a person solves the conundrum, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds in impressing others, he is popular with PersonY as a result.
A person takes some papers home in order to read the papers.
If a person makes the right choice, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds something special, he will feel happy.
A person moves back into his old apartment in order to get back to his old life.
If a person has run out of patience, he gets angry as a result.
If a person is doing well, he will feel confident.
If a person is no longer bothered by noise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person considers others’s view, he wants to respect PersonY’s view.
A person is active in the community in order to help others.
A person goes on a very long walk in order to get some exercise.
If a person respects others’s wishes, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person starts at the university in order to get a degree.
If a person worked hard at her job, he will feel accomplished.
A person walks toward others in order to meet PersonY.
If a person sits down for a break, he will feel rested.
If a person steals and immediately regrets it, he wants to stop stealing.
If a person lives in a cool apartment, he will feel cool.
If a person is helpful to others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person listens with interest, he is a good listener as a result.
If a person regrets the decision, he wants to undo the decision.
If a person lets go of anger, he will feel free.
If a person discovers a new passion, he wants to pursue this new interest.
If a person has good sex, he will feel happy.
If a person gets others's phone number, he wants to call PersonY.
A person has gotten up early in the morning in order to start the day early.
If a person explores new ideas, he will feel curious.
A person attempts to talk in order to be able to communicate.
If a person receives a report, he learns something new as a result.
If a person is worried about, he wants to be reassured.
If a person reads the newspapers, he will feel informed.
If a person took a trip to her favorite place, he will feel satisfied.
If a person persuades others to buy the computer, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes successful, he is happy as a result.
If a person reads a book on driving, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has a delicious dinner, he will feel full.
If a person enjoys her favorite music, he will feel content.
If a person is upset about a mole on her back, he wants to get rid of the mole.
If a person is successful in school, he will feel confident.
A person prepares to leave the grounds in order to be free.
If a person attends a family reunion, he meets his cousins as a result.
If a person asks question to experts, he wants to know more.
A person goes to his friend’s house in order to be with his friend.
If a person manages the schedule, he will feel organized.
If a person takes others for a trip, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person and others enjoy dinner, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person takes the time to eat, he will feel full.
If a person is winning the battle, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a job, he will feel content.
If a person cooks well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he wants to grieve.
If a person has been alone for too long, he wants to be with others.
A person spends time with the mother in order to be close to the mother.
If a person is recommended for a good job, he will feel confident.
If a person starts to meditate, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets her money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels a sense of duty, he wants to help others.
A person confronts the situation in order to know the truth.
If a person learns more from persons, he is more informed as a result.
If a person worries about paying bills, he will feel stressed.
If a person's reputation suffers, he is disliked as a result.
If a person gets in shape, he will feel confident.
If a person ties up loose ends, he will feel accomplished.
If a person suffers from the flu, he will feel miserable.
If a person cannot endure this anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he learns something about the neighbour as a result.
If a person realizes that he’s wrong, he will feel remorseful.
If a person reads about parapsychology, he will feel curious.
If a person makes friends easily, he has many friends as a result.
If a person discovers a new interest, he wants to study that interest.
If a person whispers sweet nothings, he will feel content.
A person begins a long poem in order to express his feelings.
If a person discusses a crime, he learns more about the crime as a result.
If a person relaxes a little, he is happier as a result.
If a person discusses the cause, he learns about the subject as a result.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to make amends.
If a person regrets what happened, he wants to fix the situation.
A person is working on the site in order to make the site better.
If a person tries to collect all the books, he wants to study more.
If a person acquires a reputation, he will feel important.
If a person does his part, he will feel good.
If a person enjoys a sunset, he will feel peaceful.
If a person organizes his stuff, he will feel neat.
A person gives and gives in order to help others.
If a person is frustrated by the traffic, he gets angry as a result.
If a person discovers his mistake, he corrects his mistake as a result.
A person walks down the street to others's house in order to see PersonY.
A person practices their skill in order to be good at their skill.
If a person gets caught in a cross-fire, he is injured as a result.
If a person takes a course in typing, he becomes a better typist as a result.
If a person practices a new skill, he will feel competent.
If a person secures a place, he will feel satisfied.
A person fixes the engine in order to get the car running again.
If a person promises others a raise, he will feel confident.
A person follows his own instincts in order to be true to himself.
If a person gains support, he becomes more popular as a result.
A person calls others’s home in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person thinks about doing something, he will feel motivated.
If a person thinks about escaping, he will feel anxious.
If a person shows respect to others, he will feel good.
If a person wins first place in a contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes tired of running around, he wants to relax.
A person makes changes in order to improve.
If a person has many worries, he will feel anxious.
A person practices in a gym in order to be in shape.
If a person is unsure of the chances, he wants to know the odds.
If a person does not worry anymore, he is calm as a result.
If a person spends time with her parents, he gets closer to her parents as a result.
If a person thinks about that problem, he wants to figure out that problem.
If a person knows what he wants, he will feel confident.
If a person has a delicious breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person considers doing something unwise, he does not do it as a result.
If a person practices writing something, he will feel creative.
If a person is a contest winner, he will feel pleased.
If a person is always friendly to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person gets over a bad situation, he will feel hopeful.
If a person regrets becoming fat, he wants to lose weight.
If a person is good at writing, he will feel creative.
A person orders food in a restaurant in order to be able to eat.
A person feeds an orange cat in order to help the cat.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he offers to help PersonY as a result.
If a person demonstrates a commitment to a cause, he wants to help others.
If a person calls his own attention to it, he wants to fix it.
If a person goes out for a long time, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is able to tell stories, he will feel entertained.
If a person puts on new clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person considers others's request, he wants to do PersonY's request.
A person presents a paper at the conference in order to show his work.
If a person is insulted by others, he will feel hurt.
If a person turns on the air conditioner, he feels cool as a result.
A person reads a report in order to understand the report.
If a person hears a strange noise in the night, he wants to investigate.
If a person enjoys a delicious dinner, he will feel full.
If a person makes love to , he will feel joyful.
A person cleans her apartment in order to be neat.
If a person has dinner with the family, he will feel included.
If a person takes over the throne, he will feel powerful.
If a person draws up a plan, he wants to execute the plan.
If a person is tired of fighting, he quits fighting as a result.
If a person defuses a crisis at work, he will feel competent.
If a person takes on a cause, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person turns a profit, he is happy as a result.
A person writes something to others in order to share something with PersonY.
If a person re-reads the manual, he understands the instructions as a result.
A person insists on finishing the cake in order to make sure the cake is perfect.
If a person is praised by the whole group, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys tickets for a trip, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person puts on a sweatshirt, he will feel warm.
If a person goes for a short walk, he will feel energetic.
A person reads the text again in order to understand the text.
A person plans to take a trip in order to see the world.
If a person starts to run, he will feel energized.
If a person attends a performance of others, he will feel entertained.
A person listens to others complain in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
If a person walks in the right direction, he does not get lost as a result.
A person requests others's presence in order to discuss something with PersonY.
If a person is a family man, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person learns to fight for himself, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets accepted to grad school, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets tickets to a Broadway show, he will feel happy.
If a person arrives at the end of his patience, he wants to leave.
A person says "Please pass the salt" in order to make sure everyone is having enough salt.
A person reasons with others in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person contributes to others’s project, he will feel useful.
A person takes a trip with friends in order to spend time with friends.
If a person attends a therapy session, he wants to talk about his feelings.
If a person runs to the park, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person thinks it is too hot, he wants to cool off.
If a person changes her ways, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person spends a weekend at the seashore, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person prepares for school, he will feel motivated.
If a person connects with people, he has friends as a result.
If a person drinks wine in the bar, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person performs an experiment, he discovers something as a result.
If a person practices for a trip, he will feel prepared.
If a person reads about history, he will feel interested.
If a person examines her truth, he wants to know the truth.
If a person gets an explanation, he learns something as a result.
If a person goes away after having fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person learns to accept others’s faults, he will feel understanding.
If a person helps a lot, he is appreciated as a result.
If a person clears up the matter, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins an activist group, he will feel motivated.
A person calls others to explain the situation in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person is reconciled, he is happy as a result.
If a person builds a good rapport, he will feel comfortable.
A person does a sleep study in order to understand his sleep patterns.
If a person has a cool idea, he wants to do it.
If a person lands a good job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a scenic ride, he will feel relaxed.
A person takes a family photo in order to document the family.
If a person is engaged in communication, he will feel connected.
If a person gets the facts, he will feel satisfied.
A person speaks respectfully to others in order to be polite.
A person tells the folktale to others in order to share the story with PersonY.
A person tries to make his point in order to be heard.
If a person works on his writing skills, he will feel creative.
If a person thinks before she acts, he will feel rational.
If a person stays in and has dinner, he has a nice evening as a result.
A person repairs the house in order to make the house more livable.
If a person spent a few minutes talking to others, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person has a visit from someone who is passing by, he will feel cared for.
A person visits a health center in order to improve his health.
If a person has a great, new job, he will feel excited.
If a person organizes a good event, he gets good feedback as a result.
If a person gets a good grade on the test, he is seen as smart.
A person visits his father’s grave in order to honor his father.
A person relaxes in bed in order to be in a comfortable environment.
A person attempts to be diplomatic in order to avoid conflict.
If a person is out and about, he will feel energetic.
If a person has a drink with someone, he is drunk as a result.
If a person won the game, he will feel happy.
If a person practices tennis, he gets better at tennis as a result.
If a person is concerned with cleanliness, he will feel tidy.
If a person is entangled in a mess, he wants to get out of the mess.
A person volunteers to handle the problem in order to be useful.
If a person grows even closer to others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person plans to go jogging, he will feel energized.
A person sings a song for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person experiences attraction to others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person takes revenge on others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is familiar with how things work, he will feel comfortable.
If a person studies more than usual, he wants to be smarter.
If a person puts in the work, he will feel successful.
If a person gets an opportunity to play, he will feel happy.
A person continues working hard in order to succeed.
If a person is stymied, he is frustrated as a result.
If a person demonstrates his skill, he will feel accomplished.
A person attempts to get help in order to solve the problem.
If a person makes a journey, he gains experience as a result.
If a person expects to make a lot of money, he will feel confident.
If a person works on a time table, he wants to be on time.
If a person finds what is desired, he will feel pleased.
If a person has fun with others's children, he makes friends with PersonY's children as a result.
If a person is allergic to dust, he wants to avoid dust.
A person stops to listen in order to understand the other person.
If a person starts reading a new book, he will feel curious.
If a person considers others to be a friend, he wants to hang out with PersonY.
If a person eats the ham sandwich, he will feel full.
A person fixes the computer in order to make sure the computer is working properly.
If a person has a nice time, he will feel content.
If a person wins the money, he will feel pleased.
A person adds to the house in order to make the house better.
If a person meets new and exciting person, he wants to talk to this person.
If a person keeps trying, he will feel motivated.
If a person shows signs of improvement, he will feel hopeful.
If a person ponders why she's been discarded, he wants to find out why.
If a person studies some things, he will feel interested.
A person tests the system in order to know if the system works.
If a person is training for the marathon, he will feel determined.
If a person is healthy again, he will feel strong.
If a person experiences a loss, he will feel sad.
If a person and others start to play, he and PersonY are having fun as a result.
If a person is running for President, he wants to win.
If a person is concerned for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person makes peace with God, he will feel hopeful.
If a person reads the book, he will feel curious.
A person waters plants in order to make sure the plants are healthy.
If a person responds to adversity, he grows stronger as a result.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he gets more organized as a result.
If a person considers others’s demand, he wants to give PersonY what he wants.
If a person makes her own decisions, he will feel in control.
If a person is in a dead-end relationship, he wants to get out of the relationship.
If a person reads articles and books, he will feel informed.
A person tries to listen to others in order to hear PersonY's advice.
A person learns how to do a new job in order to improve her skills.
If a person brings up a grievance, he wants to talk about it.
If a person met someone he should know, he learns something new as a result.
If a person is a superior leader, he will feel confident.
If a person shivers in the rain, he wants to be warm.
A person tries to meditate in order to be calm.
If a person enjoys a long walk, he will feel content.
If a person is really sleepy, he wants to sleep.
If a person is generally charming, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person learns to ride a bicycle, he becomes a better cyclist as a result.
A person speaks to the waiter in order to ask the waiter a question.
If a person buys a new guitar, he will feel happy.
If a person hits the trail, he will feel energetic.
If a person sits in a particular seat, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets a ride home, he gets home safely as a result.
A person removes garbage from the yard in order to keep the yard clean.
If a person understands the problem, he resolves the problem as a result.
If a person regrets its actions, he wants to apologize.
If a person purchases a new CD, he enjoys the music as a result.
A person encourages others to go on in order PersonY to do his best.
If a person's face turns red, he is embarrassed as a result.
If a person and others went to the opera, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person grinds into gear in order to get things done.
A person cleans his house in order to be tidy.
If a person takes up oil painting, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person talks to others, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person makes a great omelette, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks back to a pleasant memory, he will feel content.
If a person asks about someone, he wants to know more about that person.
If a person finds someone else creepy, he wants to stay away from that person.
If a person is cheered up by his family, he will feel loved.
If a person does a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to remain, he will feel content.
If a person works on a family project, he will feel productive.
If a person tries out a new sport, he learns to play the sport as a result.
A person looks for a brand-new job in order to make a living.
A person entertains some children in order to make the children happy.
If a person learns more, he will feel enlightened.
If a person thinks of an idea, he wants to share his idea.
A person gets his message out in order to make a difference.
A person begins to get ahead in order to be a leader.
If a person reads the books, he will feel interested.
If a person drinks a bottle of wine, he will feel inebriated.
A person works hard at school in order to be successful.
If a person overcomes all challenges, he will feel victorious.
If a person could not take the heat, he wants to get out of the heat.
A person goes out to get information in order to learn more about the area.
If a person listens to the game on the radio, he hears the score as a result.
If a person has flu symptoms, he will feel miserable.
A person goes to dinner with his wife in order to spend time with his wife.
A person does something nice for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person doubts his judgement, he wants to be sure of his decision.
If a person thinks the grand prize is within reach, he will feel confident.
If a person asks to be reassured, he will feel assured.
If a person takes a different approach, he wants to try something new.
If a person dodges others's attempt, he will feel victorious.
If a person puts on some new clothes, he is fashionable as a result.
If a person and others have fun, he will feel joyful.
If a person removes herself from the situation, he wants to be alone.
If a person returns to therapy, he wants to be healthy.
If a person types a love letter, he will feel joyful.
A person participates in a family gathering in order to spend time with his family.
A person makes sure others understands in order to help PersonY.
A person goes out in the evening in order to socialize.
A person gets others a present in order to make PersonY happy.
A person is in touch with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person watches fireworks with a friend, he will feel entertained.
If a person fixes the house, he will feel satisfied.
If a person investigates a theory, he wants to prove his theory.
If a person struggles to make sense of things, he will feel lost.
A person puts in the time in order to succeed.
A person starts to learn a foreign language in order to be more fluent.
If a person gets away from the robber, he will feel victorious.
A person took the dog for a walk in order to be with the dog.
If a person has a day off from work, he will feel relaxed.
If a person discovered a crime, he wants to investigate.
If a person is overcome by rage, he loses control as a result.
If a person listens to a particular song, he likes the song as a result.
A person goes inside the restaurant in order to have a meal.
A person says he's going home in order to be with his family.
If a person has a quiet morning, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person delivers an impassioned speech, he will feel confident.
If a person is watching for signs, he wants to know what is going on.
A person examines the surface in order to understand the material.
If a person has a good relationship with his parents, he will feel content.
If a person decides to move forward, he will feel confident.
A person cooks others a nice meal in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person takes care of the details in order to be organized.
If a person seems to have a plan, he wants to follow the plan.
If a person was disappointed in some decisions, he was angry as a result.
If a person purchases a sports car, he will feel happy.
If a person’s friends are supportive, he will feel secure.
If a person questions his purpose, he wants to find his purpose.
If a person takes extra precautions, he will feel secure.
If a person has a stable job, he will feel safe.
If a person enrolls for gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person eats a very tasty dinner, he will feel satisfied.
A person reads every night in order to be well read.
If a person attends prayer meeting, he will feel spiritual.
If a person serves his boss, he is seen as a good employee.
A person enters the store in order to shop.
If a person lies down and takes a snooze, he will feel relaxed.
If a person discovers a crime, he wants to solve the crime.
A person begins to question in order to know the truth.
A person checks out the scene in order to know what is going on.
If a person makes something happen, he will feel competent.
If a person enjoys his lunch, he will feel full.
If a person is upset because of the noise, he wants to be quiet.
A person tried to reach in order to be able to reach out to others.
If a person decides to begin cooking, he wants to cook more.
A person practices to the extreme in order to be the best.
If a person convinces others to change his mind, he will feel successful.
If a person listens to others's music, he will feel entertained.
If a person helps to train others, he will feel helpful.
If a person knows a lot of things, he is intelligent as a result.
A person lectures others on duty in order to make PersonY understand the importance of duty.
If a person is not satisfied, he wants to do better.
If a person moves toward others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person receives a basket of flowers, he will feel happy.
If a person puts in the work, he will feel motivated.
If a person watches the sun set, he enjoys the sunset as a result.
If a person is from a small town, he has a small town mentality as a result.
A person creates his own company in order to be independent.
If a person gets tickets to a Broadway show, he will feel excited.
If a person appears to care about others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he will feel happy.
If a person goes back to bed, he will feel rested.
If a person begins to play the sport of golf, he gets better at golf as a result.
A person tries to fight back in order to be able to defend herself.
A person keeps going forward in order to reach her goal.
If a person decides to do it, he will feel confident.
If a person plans out everything, he does everything perfectly as a result.
A person reads about legal proceedings in order to know what is going on.
If a person is a very good worker, he will feel valued.
If a person gets a big boost, he will feel pleased.
If a person respects others's wish, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person visits the town festival in order to enjoy the festival.
If a person gets into the argument, he is angry as a result.
A person contributes to an event in order to be a part of something.
If a person practices target shooting, he will feel skilled.
A person looks after the family in order to be responsible.
If a person asks for more details, he gets more information as a result.
A person studies for a job in order to be a success.
If a person gets it wrapped, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes depressed, he wants to feel better.
If a person exercises at the gym, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is a hit in his new setting, he will feel confident.
If a person is in the wrong, he will feel guilty.
A person makes a very good bargain in order to be a good negotiator.
If a person begins to like others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person puts an end to it, he will feel peaceful.
If a person worries about others's beauty, he wants to make PersonY beautiful.
If a person is blamed for something, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person suffers a defeat, he will feel disappointed.
If a person is excited about the project, he wants to get it done.
If a person raises a glass to others, he will feel pleased.
A person trains 2-5 times a day in order to be in good shape.
If a person outplays others at chess, he will feel superior.
A person declines to repeat herself in order to avoid mistakes.
A person tries to put out a fire in order to save lives.
A person tries to pray in order to improve his relationship with God.
A person settles into a job in order to earn money.
If a person becomes the man of the house, he will feel empowered.
If a person listens to something good, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person is very hot, he wants to cool off.
If a person tries to find out more, he gets information as a result.
If a person notices a foul smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
A person takes others aside in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person lets go of his anger, he will feel calm.
A person questions her sister in order to understand her sister.
If a person gets back to hunting, he will feel refreshed.
A person starts doing it in order to get the work done.
A person teaches others to use a computer in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others are on the beach, he and PersonY are sunbathing as a result.
If a person goes to get the book, he wants to read the book.
If a person is caught in a dilemma, he will feel worried.
A person calls the family in in order to be with his family.
If a person holds a meeting to complain, he will feel irritated.
If a person realizes that others is waiting for him, he goes to meet PersonY as a result.
If a person takes things more easily, he will feel calm.
If a person gets a simple explanation, he will feel understood.
If a person completes a training course, he gains experience as a result.
If a person puts on the shirt, he will feel warm.
If a person is hurt by others's insults, he will feel sad.
A person gives others a drive in their new car in order to show off their new car.
If a person discusses everyday topics, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person convinces others to have kids, he will feel confident.
If a person learns about spiders, he wants to know more about spiders.
A person allows others to learn in order PersonY to grow.
If a person seizes the opportunity, he wants to get ahead.
A person signs up for the class in order to learn more about the subject.
A person walks around a lot in order to get a lot of exercise.
If a person gets help from his friends, he will feel encouraged.
If a person encounters violence, he feels upset as a result.
A person asks someone about their project in order to learn more about the project.
A person examines something strange in order to know more about the object.
A person has a short conversation with others in order to discuss something with PersonY.
If a person requests others’s opinions, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person dances with a friend, he will feel joyful.
If a person struggles to find the answer, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is fed up with mistreatment, he wants to be treated better.
If a person works on a special project, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns from previous mistake, he doesn’t repeat it as a result.
If a person participates in a political march, he wants to get involved in politics.
If a person manages to win, he will feel pleased.
If a person overuses prescription drugs, he will feel addicted.
If a person sees something they think is interesting, he wants to see it again.
If a person finds a new pet, he is pleased with his new pet as a result.
If a person hunts for the lost ring, he will feel determined.
If a person does not feel quite right, he will feel unhappy.
If a person receives an urgent message, he wants to answer the message.
A person invites others to join him in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person tolerates others’s comments, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person is given good news, he will feel excited.
If a person looks it up in a book, he will feel informed.
If a person gets good at poker, he will feel satisfied.
If a person plans a big day, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a successful career, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person starts to play soccer, he enjoys soccer as a result.
If a person gets prepared for a big competition, he will feel confident.
A person writes a statement in order to communicate with the rest of the world.
A person helps others lose weight in order to help PersonY be healthy.
If a person and others being in love, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person finally goes on a trip, he gets to see the world as a result.
If a person explains the reasons for his actions, he is seen as logical.
If a person seeks additional resources, he obtains additional resources as a result.
If a person is very nice to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person receives congratulations from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets out of a tight spot, he will feel relieved.
If a person studies to get a degree, he will feel committed.
If a person achieves her objective, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes enchanted by others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person lives a healthy life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person continues to train, he wants to get stronger.
If a person finishes tasks, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finds a new hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person grew out of it, he will feel relieved.
If a person worries about their cholesterol, he gets their cholesterol checked as a result.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel happy.
If a person and others rent a video, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person practices self-discipline, he is more disciplined as a result.
If a person turns in homework, he will feel motivated.
If a person fears a fire, he wants to avoid fire.
If a person cannot bear it anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person is yelled at by a strange person, he feels upset as a result.
A person buys his friend a gift in order to make his friend happy.
If a person has a quest, he wants to complete the quest.
A person is in a car in order to go somewhere.
If a person becomes a successful musician, he makes a lot of money as a result.
A person is going to see someone about an injury in order to be treated.
A person gets up to give a lecture in order to share his knowledge.
A person gives the baby a bath in order to care for the baby.
A person listens to others's tape in order to hear PersonY's voice.
A person offers a counterargument in order to defend his point of view.
A person starts working on the Community Center in order to help the community.
A person cleans up the office in order to be organized.
If a person wins others’s affection, he will feel happy.
If a person gets out of bed early, he will feel refreshed.
If a person questions her perceptions, he wants to know more about herself.
If a person studies the new book, he will feel interested.
A person chooses his own friends in order to be friends with people he likes.
If a person takes the wheel, he will feel in control.
If a person objects to the punishment, he wants to stop the punishment.
If a person has a relaxing day, he will feel refreshed.
A person takes the medication in order to feel better.
A person works a lot in order to be successful.
If a person knows not to lie, he wants to tell the truth.
A person feeds others food in order to help PersonY.
If a person succeeds in his quest, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a car wreck, he is in the hospital as a result.
A person trains for a month in order to get fit.
A person knocks on others’s door in order to talk to PersonY.
A person finally tells others what  really thinks in order to be honest.
If a person prepares for the morning, he will feel organized.
If a person has become successful, he is happy as a result.
If a person is reassigned to others's work team, he learns to work with PersonY as a result.
If a person is recognized for work, he will feel respected.
If a person feeds himself, he will feel self-sufficient.
If a person learns new things, he will feel curious.
If a person regrets agreeing to a bet, he wants to back out of the bet.
If a person checks out the website, he will feel curious.
A person encourages the workers in order to make the workers happy.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he will feel delighted.
If a person considers the offer, he will feel interested.
If a person signs up for volunteer work, he will feel motivated.
A person works at his garden in order to improve his garden.
If a person continues to try to impress others, he wants to be more like PersonY.
If a person gets it off, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person practices her ballet, he gets better at ballet as a result.
If a person handles it well, he will feel in control.
A person mends her ways in order to be a better person.
If a person dances in the streets, he will feel joyful.
If a person quickly relaxes, he will feel refreshed.
If a person wins a tournament, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has a talent for comedy, he wants to perform comedy.
A person heads to church in order to be spiritual.
If a person is involved in the project, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person puts down roots in order to be stable.
If a person starts to protest, he gains a sense of purpose as a result.
If a person takes a writing class, he will feel motivated.
A person takes his shower in order to be clean.
If a person works hard for money, he will feel successful.
If a person notes that the weather is nice, he will feel content.
If a person attempts to obtain a driver's license, he will feel determined.
If a person has turned his life around, he is a better person as a result.
If a person wanted to help others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person gets others's telephone number in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person sells a lot of tickets, he will feel successful.
If a person makes love to , he will feel excited.
A person starts cooking dinner in order to be able to feed his family.
If a person has the upper hand, he will feel confident.
If a person reads the bedtime story, he will feel sleepy.
If a person learns how to surf, he gets better at surfing as a result.
If a person listens to the music, he is influenced by the music as a result.
If a person does things for other people, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person relaxes on the weekend, he is happy as a result.
A person stays in college in order to complete her education.
If a person gets his wishes, he is happy as a result.
If a person meets a goal, he is happy as a result.
A person continues to go for his degree in order to be successful.
If a person starts to date again, he will feel happy.
A person goes away on a trip in order to see the world.
A person takes care of her cat in order to be close to her cat.
If a person is naturally kind, he is kind to everyone as a result.
A person tries to drive away in order to be free.
If a person receives his due, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person gets a happy ending, he will feel excited.
If a person devotes himself to a cause, he wants to help people.
A person takes others to the doctor in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes a deep breath, he will feel calm.
If a person notices a car problem, he wants to fix the car.
A person sees a doctor about an illness in order to get better.
If a person greets me warmly, he makes me feel good as a result.
If a person attends classes, he will feel productive.
A person studies others in order to learn from PersonY.
A person listens to the voices in order to understand the voices.
If a person wins at golf, he will feel happy.
A person is open to therapy in order to improve his life.
If a person has a special purpose, he wants to accomplish his purpose.
A person and others have a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person starts on a new job in order to earn money.
A person visits others’s website in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person is quick at work, he will feel competent.
A person organizes his house in order to have a clean house.
If a person won the game, he feels good as a result.
A person studies at university in order to get a degree.
A person is successful in leaving in order to be independent.
If a person attracts interest from others, he will feel popular.
If a person suddenly felt cold, he wants to warm up.
If a person realizes his guilt, he wants to apologize.
If a person relies on others for guidance, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
If a person regrets doing that, he wants to not do that again.
A person begins to talk about it in order to share his thoughts.
If a person and others take each other seriously, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person accuses others of stealing his or her job, he wants to prove that PersonY stole his or her job.
If a person gets his facts straight, he is seen as reliable.
If a person has a fight, he is upset as a result.
A person reads the news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person reads a funny page, he wants to laugh.
A person studies baking with others in order to learn how to bake.
If a person does something awesome, he will feel proud.
If a person says yes to new opportunity, he has a new job as a result.
If a person checks out the website, he is intrigued as a result.
If a person ends up meeting personY, he gets to know personY as a result.
If a person thinks about his profession, he is considering a career change as a result.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he is a good musician as a result.
If a person goes to an author talk, he will feel interested.
If a person consults with personY, he learns about the personY as a result.
If a person jumped into the driver's seat, he will feel in control.
A person makes a plan to leave others in order to be independent.
If a person tries to solve problem again, he will feel determined.
A person confronts the bully in order to make the bully pay.
If a person finally lives his dream, he will feel excited.
If a person works on multiple projects, he is seen as creative.
If a person asks others’s whereabouts, he wants to find PersonY.
A person starts to explain what happened in order to share the story.
If a person questions his purpose, he wants to find a purpose.
If a person goes to visit a museum, he will feel intrigued.
If a person has a holiday, he will feel content.
If a person comes to an understanding with others, he wants to have a good relationship with PersonY.
If a person was well taken care of by others, he will feel cared for.
If a person has a chance to play music, he will feel creative.
If a person buys the answer, he will feel good.
If a person discovers a beautiful painting, he will feel delighted.
If a person has been taken care of, he is happy as a result.
A person works at a job in order to earn money.
If a person thinks about what he or she has done, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person does something to help the homeless, he will feel helpful.
If a person has a nice room, he will feel content.
If a person tries out a new recipe, he wants to eat the new recipe.
If a person feels compassion, he wants to help others.
If a person reads articles and books, he will feel interested.
If a person discovers what he's looking for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person listens to new music, he is influenced by the music as a result.
If a person speaks to her uncle, he learns about her uncle as a result.
If a person dresses up for a night out, he will feel glamorous.
If a person hurts his wrist, he will feel in pain.
If a person began to form a plan, he will feel determined.
A person teaches others how to play guitar in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes on a jog, he will feel energetic.
If a person learns to be lonely, he becomes an introvert as a result.
If a person packs to go on a trip, he is happy to leave as a result.
A person promises to do homework in order to be responsible.
If a person reports a suspicious person, he wants to find out who the person is.
If a person starts working out, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person takes a quiet walk, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets rid of some things, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads a book while lying on the bed, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person regrets lying to others, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person convinces others to quit smoking, he will feel pleased.
A person continues to move in order to be in a new place.
If a person has had a lot of trouble, he is upset as a result.
If a person has learned her lesson, he wants to do better.
If a person starts to do a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets to like others, he will feel content.
If a person learns about something, he will feel intrigued.
If a person shares a story, he is listened to as a result.
If a person wins a title, he will feel pleased.
If a person does everything possible to live a good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a great time at the club, he will feel content.
A person studies dancing in order to improve her dancing.
A person does his work in order to be successful.
If a person acts with kindness, he will feel good.
If a person comes into some money, he will feel pleased.
If a person raises a good point, he wants to be heard.
If a person has the big show, he will feel confident.
If a person gives an inspirational speech, he will feel powerful.
A person posts message on bulletin board in order to communicate with others.
If a person is guided by her faith, he will feel confident.
If a person takes care of his own needs, he will feel competent.
If a person searches for information, he learns more about the topic as a result.
If a person reads a book on philosophy, he will feel intrigued.
If a person signs up for an endurance event, he gets fit as a result.
A person working hard in order to get ahead.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he is impressed by the offer as a result.
If a person reaches the prime of his career, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person sits by the fire, he will feel cozy.
If a person shares the good news, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes more attractive, he is liked by girls as a result.
A person goes in for treatment in order to get better.
If a person attended a show, he will feel entertained.
If a person attends others’s family reunion, he gets to know PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person enjoys lying on the bed with others, he will feel content.
If a person chooses a college, he wants to attend a good school.
If a person and others want to go dancing, he will feel happy.
A person serves as counsel to others in order to help PersonY.
A person and others goes to the gym in order to be fit and PersonY wants to be healthy.
A person arranges a nice vacation in order to relax.
If a person received a promise, he will feel happy.
If a person eats a good dinner, he will feel full.
A person explores alternatives in order to find a solution.
If a person is prepared for a challenge, he will feel confident.
If a person agrees to follow, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues to work out, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person has a fun evening, he will feel content.
If a person tends to his garden, he will feel content.
If a person follows through with the plan, he succeeds as a result.
If a person becomes deeply interested in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person follows a group of people in order to know what they are doing.
A person tells about himself in order to show his personality.
A person gets back in touch with others in order to see PersonY again.
If a person solves a murder case, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is dragged by a horse, he is injured as a result.
If a person listens to his intuition, he will feel guided.
If a person convinces others to accept his position, he will feel confident.
If a person drinks at the bar, he will feel intoxicated.
A person rushes to get to the airport in order to be on time.
A person had been trying in order to be successful.
If a person is running for public office, he wants to win.
If a person has suffered through it, he will feel depressed.
If a person does a job well, he will feel appreciated.
If a person commits an error, he will feel guilty.
If a person will learn to read, he will read better as a result.
If a person has a lousy life, he will feel miserable.
A person checks on her checkbook in order to keep track of her finances.
If a person is captivated by others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person interacts with others's brother, he wants to get to know PersonY's brother.
If a person takes a course in, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has a cool idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person's writing impacted others, he 's writing improved PersonY's writing as a result.
If a person encounters a wise man, he learns something as a result.
If a person takes a car to go jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets offered a job, he wants to take the job.
A person exercises in the room in order to keep fit.
A person writes down others's phone number in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person reaches a target, he will feel accomplished.
If a person tells a funny joke, he is rewarded with laughter as a result.
If a person learns to skate, he becomes a good skater as a result.
If a person learns from his mistake, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person reads the instructions again, he can understand the instructions as a result.
If a person resists an urge to scream, he remains calm as a result.
A person pays to fix others's laptop in order to help PersonY.
If a person performs before a large audience, he gets applause as a result.
If a person goes on a quest, he will feel eager.
If a person starts to learn, he will feel motivated.
A person decides to do the right thing in order to be a good person.
If a person is very clean, he will feel neat.
A person asks the group a question in order to know the answer.
If a person makes a great decision, he will feel confident.
A person travels alone to the ocean in order to see the ocean.
If a person is well-groomed, he will feel attractive.
If a person goes to the movies with friends, he is entertained as a result.
If a person plays and laughs with others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person takes a stroll down the street, he will feel calm.
If a person helps others over the phone, he will feel connected.
If a person has got lots of money, he will feel rich.
If a person realizes that he has made a mistake, he regrets his mistake as a result.
If a person helps the detectives, he will feel competent.
If a person meets others's expectations, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has some important news, he will feel excited.
If a person makes an appeal to others, he wants to get PersonY to help him.
If a person is a prize winner, he will feel happy.
If a person makes bad choices, he gets into trouble as a result.
If a person is correct about the future, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets some action, he wants to avoid the same action in the future.
If a person attends a celebration, he will feel happy.
A person eats a hearty breakfast in order to feel full.
A person takes on responsibilities in order to be useful.
If a person eats his vegetables, he will feel full.
A person avoids the spotlight in order to be left alone.
A person asks others to join the family in order to keep PersonY close.
If a person volunteers to teach, he will feel pleased.
A person plans to go out in order to be social.
If a person is assaulted by a colleague, he will feel hurt.
If a person is injured on the job, he is in pain as a result.
A person takes care of his family in order to be a good father.
If a person puts in his orders, he will feel in control.
If a person regrets her decisions, he wants to change her decisions.
If a person claims his reward, he will feel happy.
A person walks the dog every day in order to spend time with his dog.
If a person and others go to the bookstore, he wants to read and PersonY wants to buy a book.
If a person watches a special television program, he will feel entertained.
If a person becomes jittery, he wants to calm down.
If a person drinks some alcohol, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person gets everything, he will feel pleased.
If a person drinks something, he will feel drunk.
If a person is overburdened with debt, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person finally settles the score, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person takes on a leadership role, he is promoted as a result.
A person goes to a nearby store in order to get something.
If a person drinks from the stream, he will feel refreshed.
A person sets out on a hike in order to be active.
If a person experiences difficult times, he will feel upset.
A person stays on track in order to reach his goal.
A person and others take a nap in order to relax and PersonY wants to get some rest.
If a person is working out, he wants to be in shape.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he will feel proud.
If a person completes a given task, he is seen as competent.
If a person takes a friend's advice, he wants to do the same thing.
If a person gives others a reward, he will feel pleased.
If a person is irritated by the crying baby, he wants to stop the crying.
A person will not attack in order to avoid violence.
If a person is doing more and more difficult work, he will feel challenged.
If a person and others come to agreement, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person proposes to Maggie, he will feel joyful.
A person addresses personY directly in order to be honest.
If a person will keep on searching, he will feel determined.
A person leaves a message in order to talk to someone.
A person learns not to fight in order to be more peaceful.
If a person's work is done, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thanks others for making him laugh, he feels happy as a result.
If a person finds her car being towed, he wants to get her car back.
If a person argues with himself, he gets angry as a result.
If a person's new book is a critical and financial success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts on a good show, he will feel powerful.
If a person learns to resist, he will feel strong.
If a person cannot handle this, he is frustrated as a result.
A person investigates the case in order to find the truth.
A person gets back into school in order to be a good student.
A person gets right to the point in order to be clear.
If a person hears an interesting rumor, he will feel entertained.
If a person does not want to argue, he is silent as a result.
If a person feels low, he wants to feel better.
If a person receives a positive email, he will feel optimistic.
If a person becomes the champion, he is happy as a result.
A person puts food on the table in order to provide for his family.
If a person finds himself in an embarrassing situation, he wants to get out of it.
A person takes an adventure in order to be in a new place.
If a person buys some items at the store, he will feel satisfied.
If a person begins to jog, he will feel excited.
A person dedicates effort to training in order to be a better athlete.
A person begins a world tour in order to experience new things.
If a person spends hours on the beach, he will feel content.
If a person gets introduced to the environment, he wants to get to know the environment.
If a person got a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person solves a case, he will feel pleased.
A person tries very hard in order to be the best.
If a person is singing in his room, he will feel content.
A person looks up information in order to be informed.
If a person tells the good news, he will feel happy.
If a person succeeds at losing weight, he will feel pleased.
A person gets ready to make the call in order to be ready for the call.
If a person gets them back, he will feel pleased.
If a person practices love, he will feel good.
If a person appeals to the group, he will feel important.
If a person has a major project due, he will feel pressured.
If a person arranges for a birthday party, he will feel happy.
If a person receives confirmation, he will feel confident.
A person confronts others's decision in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person worries about his son, he wants to take care of his son.
If a person looks at pictures, he will feel curious.
If a person is thrown off the boat, he is injured as a result.
If a person rides his bike, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person realizes his mistake, he makes amends as a result.
If a person eats some barbeque, he will feel full.
If a person is threatened with legal action, he will feel scared.
A person and others are both working in order to make money and PersonY wants to make money.
If a person gains favor, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets what he has done, he wants to fix his mistake.
A person celebrates others's success in order to be happy for PersonY.
If a person enjoys an outing, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person becomes accustomed to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person watches the replay in order to see what happened.
A person reads to the child in order to help the child.
If a person overcomes adversity, he achieves success as a result.
If a person knows a lot of languages, he is fluent in many languages as a result.
If a person continues to go to the doctor for treatment, he wants to get better.
If a person enjoys every day, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person finishes the report, he will feel accomplished.
If a person operates the lathe well, he will feel confident.
If a person gets in over his head, he wants to get out of the situation.
A person gets an appointment with a doctor in order to have a checkup.
If a person has a long day, he will feel tired.
If a person is looking good today, he is pleased with his appearance as a result.
If a person does something romantic, he will feel happy.
If a person explains the reasons, he is seen as logical.
If a person is unable to get a good night's sleep, he will feel restless.
A person convinces others to come with him in order to make PersonY happy.
A person examines the bones in order to know more about the bones.
If a person learns the virtue of tolerance, he is a tolerant person as a result.
If a person reads more books, he will feel interested.
If a person has a loving family, he will feel happy.
A person goes to a health club in order to stay in shape.
If a person sets out for adventure, he will feel eager.
If a person is engaged in communication, he is able to express his feelings as a result.
If a person gets a book at the bookstore, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to a new place in order to explore.
A person fills in an application form in order to apply for a job.
If a person visits a third person, he has a conversation with the third person as a result.
A person speaks about it in order to tell others about it.
If a person keeps promise, he feels good as a result.
If a person can take advantage of others's offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to fight for himself, he wants to be independent.
A person learns others's language in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person experiences the American Dream, he will feel happy.
A person sends others a text in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person runs into the store for some coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person shudders in fear, he wants to stop shaking.
If a person gets in touch with her emotions, he wants to feel better.
A person talks with his mom in order to have a relationship with his mother.
If a person resents the compliment, he wants to get rid of the compliment.
If a person manages to please others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person acquires a new car, he wants to drive it.
A person reads to a blind others in order to help PersonY.
A person carries on a conversation in order to talk to someone.
A person is taking a class at school in order to be in school.
If a person puts on a good show, he will feel talented.
If a person buys a new gadget, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is very competent, he will feel confident.
If a person leaves a note to thank others, he will feel happy.
If a person and others decide to meet again, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person learns how to hunt, he becomes a better hunter as a result.
If a person is determined to be a better person, he will feel hopeful.
If a person thinks someone is following him, he feels paranoid as a result.
If a person orders another round of drinks, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person convinces others to give up her seat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person picks the apartment, he is happy with the apartment as a result.
If a person practices many times, he is seen as determined.
If a person keeps records, he is organized as a result.
If a person puts on a movie, he will feel content.
If a person talks to some neighbors, he gets to know his neighbors as a result.
A person opens up an online account in order to be able to access the internet.
If a person enjoys to talk with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person thinks about a new school year, he wants to study.
If a person becomes concerned about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person is a professional, he will feel successful.
If a person becomes a success, he will feel confident.
If a person plays good cop, he will feel satisfied.
If a person earns his own money, he will feel independent.
If a person buys tickets for a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person determines to have fun, he is happy as a result.
A person reaches his brother in order to be there for his brother.
A person decides to move out in order to start a new life.
If a person is becoming stronger, he will feel powerful.
If a person gives a compliment to others, he will feel good.
A person takes others out to lunch in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person obtains help from others, he will feel understood.
If a person gets away from evil, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets someone to listen, he gets his point across as a result.
If a person gets a good tan, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins the peace march, he will feel peaceful.
If a person visits a patient, he learns about the patient as a result.
If a person is losing a game, he is upset as a result.
A person has to attend the family reunion in order to be part of the family.
If a person finally has a really big meal, he will feel full.
If a person deals with a bad situation, he is upset as a result.
If a person works fast, he finishes his work early as a result.
If a person finds a good listener, he will feel understood.
If a person tries to prove himself, he wants to be the best.
If a person makes a goal, he is motivated to achieve as a result.
A person does the chores around the house in order to keep the house clean.
A person waits for the person she phoned in order to be available for the person she phoned.
If a person realizes he has made a mistake, he regrets his mistake as a result.
If a person finds a need, he wants to get the need met.
If a person does not give up easily, he wants to succeed.
If a person reads a book that others gave him, he will feel interested.
If a person is wrongly accused, he wants to be exonerated.
If a person suffers a fall, he is injured as a result.
If a person consults the options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person is becoming stronger, he will feel confident.
If a person looks him up online, he will feel interested.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he feels better as a result.
If a person goes to the bar every night, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person repents of past sin, he wants to stop sinning.
If a person learns something about the world, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is published, he will feel accomplished.
If a person shares things with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person is a hermit, he will feel alone.
A person looks for a pair of glasses in order to see clearly.
A person does some maintenance in order to keep the place clean.
If a person just won, he will feel pleased.
If a person just can’t take it anymore, he wants to move out.
If a person knows how to defend itself, he will feel protected.
If a person pulled a muscle in his back, he will feel achy.
If a person meets a good guy, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys lying on the floor, he will feel relaxed.
A person heads for the store in order to buy something.
If a person applies for an accounting job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person gives a car ride to others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person knows how to handle a situation, he will feel in control.
If a person watches the video, he will feel entertained.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
A person makes a resolution to quit smoking in order to be healthy.
A person builds a small house in order to have a place to live.
A person decides to find a job in order to be independent.
If a person buys a painting, he will feel content.
If a person starts dating again, he will feel happy.
If a person smashes the competition, he will feel confident.
If a person is short of money, he will feel poor.
A person asks others if he's okay in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person has a pep talk, he will feel motivated.
If a person loses all of his money, he is broke as a result.
If a person hires a gun for protection, he will feel safe.
If a person studies like crazy, he will feel determined.
If a person has written many books, he is seen as a good writer.
If a person takes an online course, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes task successfully, he will feel proud.
A person tries to get a new job in order to be independent.
If a person promises something to herself, he wants to make that promise come true.
If a person takes a course online, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person cleans the beach house in order to make the house presentable.
If a person expresses his appreciation, he will feel pleased.
A person starts a research project in order to make a contribution to science.
If a person gets accepted to the best university, he is happy as a result.
If a person is allergic to the poison ivy, he wants to be away from the poison ivy.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he will feel comfortable.
If a person buys a new piano, he will feel pleased.
If a person loves others's company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person dresses for the part in order to look good.
If a person researches others’s issues, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person entertains family, he is seen as a good host.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he will feel at ease.
If a person and others are caught under a falling tree, he and PersonY are both injured as a result.
If a person and others have a similar sense of humor, he will feel entertained.
If a person manages to change others's mind, he will feel victorious.
A person plays in the garden in order to be active.
A person takes the kids out for a ride in order to spend time with the kids.
A person wishes to go home in order to be close to his family.
A person is cleaning up in order to be organized.
If a person has a great deal of knowledge, he will feel wise.
A person helps others with chores in order to be helpful.
If a person works hard on the project, he will feel pleased.
If a person drinks a great deal of wine, he becomes drunk as a result.
If a person's bed is comfortable, he sleeps well as a result.
If a person is competent, he is successful as a result.
A person builds up some savings in order to be financially secure.
If a person isn't sure how to do that, he will feel confused.
A person acquires a degree in ecology in order to help the environment.
If a person opens up his mind, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person likes to check the news in order to know what is going on in the world.
If a person thinks someone might shoot him, he will feel afraid.
If a person has always been self-reliant, he feels confident as a result.
If a person is concerned about PersonalInjuryActionY, he wants to prevent PersonalInjuryActionY.
If a person cannot tolerate abuse, he wants to avoid abuse.
If a person is allergic to coconuts, he wants to avoid coconuts.
If a person works out for two hours, he is seen as dedicated.
A person organizes the trip in order to make sure the trip is successful.
If a person is forced to reconsider, he wants to do something else.
A person is talking to a person of interest in order to find out more about the person.
A person tests the system in order to make sure the system works.
If a person tries to arrange the future, he makes a plan as a result.
If a person becomes a better writer, he will feel inspired.
If a person finds something appealing, he wants to find out more.
If a person gets others's meaning, he will feel enlightened.
A person is on a hike in order to be in nature.
If a person reads about immortality, he is curious about immortality as a result.
If a person overworks himself, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person is experienced, he will feel skilled.
If a person gets some peace, he will feel content.
If a person reads this newspaper, he will feel interested.
A person writes to pen-pal others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
A person takes up fencing in order to be able to defend himself.
If a person does the thing, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a huge bed, he will feel comfy.
If a person develops severe diarrhea, he will feel miserable.
If a person succeeds in his ambitions, he will feel confident.
If a person seeks first-hand information, he is informed as a result.
If a person gets a good offer, he wants to accept the offer.
If a person does her work, he will feel satisfied.
A person pays for others's bill in order to help PersonY.
A person attempts to convey in order to make his opinion known.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he has a great time as a result.
A person sends in her résumé in order to get a job.
If a person has an excellent day, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person and others are sorry, he wants to apologize and PersonY wants to make amends.
If a person puts one over on others, he will feel powerful.
A person continues to fight in order to be able to protect himself.
If a person is caught between two opinions, he will feel uncertain.
A person makes his way toward the red brick house in order to see the house.
If a person stays at a job for more than 5 years, he will feel secure.
If a person starts on the new project, he will feel motivated.
A person puts in time in order to be efficient.
A person exercises in a gym in order to stay healthy.
If a person knows others's needs, he wants to meet PersonY's needs.
If a person identifies a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person worries about others’s whereabouts, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person learns how to light candles, he gets better at lighting candles as a result.
If a person hears an interesting story, he will feel curious.
If a person likes to keep healthy, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person listens to others's theory, he thinks about PersonY's theory as a result.
If a person's father beats , he is abused as a result.
If a person learns new things, he will feel enlightened.
If a person gets on in life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he wants to fix it.
If a person has had a good workout, he is seen as athletic.
If a person requests access to others's medical records, he is informed of PersonY's medical history as a result.
If a person begins to improve, he is happy as a result.
If a person reads an informative paper, he will feel entertained.
If a person notices something is not right, he investigates as a result.
If a person watches movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others tries to learn each other, he wants to learn more about PersonY.
A person goes to his father’s house in order to spend time with his father.
If a person visits the seaside, he will feel happy.
If a person and others come together, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person accepts the compliment, he is pleased as a result.
If a person starts to like school, he becomes a good student as a result.
If a person acquires a new skill, he wants to learn more.
If a person experiences troubles, he will feel worried.
If a person realizes that she is being charged, he wants to pay her bill.
A person calls all his old friends in order to reconnect with his old friends.
A person sends a note in order to express his feelings.
If a person has new plans, he wants to follow through with his plans.
If a person receives a bouquet of flowers, he is happy as a result.
If a person re-evaluates others's behaviour, he wants to make PersonY behave better.
If a person reads some news, he will feel curious.
If a person solves a difficult problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person changes for the better, he becomes more responsible as a result.
A person tries out for soccer in order to be part of the team.
A person watches closely as others writes something in order to know what PersonY is writing.
If a person keeps a fire burning, he will feel warm.
If a person asks a girl out, he wants to get to know her better.
If a person repents of his ways, he wants to be a better person.
If a person examines others’s past, he will feel curious.
If a person begins to learn, he will feel curious.
If a person ends a successful period, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to knit, he becomes a better knitter as a result.
If a person works on something, he will feel motivated.
If a person has grown accustomed to her food, he will feel full.
If a person buys a house for herself, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys a walk on the beach, he will feel peaceful.
If a person finds a new husband, he will feel happy.
If a person wins a contest, he will feel elated.
If a person deciphers something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has retrieved the merchandise, he will feel pleased.
If a person commits a minor crime, he will feel guilty.
If a person solves the mystery, he will feel accomplished.
If a person writes about the world, he is seen as imaginative.
If a person tells others something nice, he will feel pleased.
If a person calls a hotline, he gets advice as a result.
If a person gets into a squabble, he will feel frustrated.
A person attacks the enemy in order to win the battle.
A person gives others a little more time in order to give PersonY a chance.
A person starts to call the operator in order to get the operator's attention.
A person begins with a question in order to know more about the topic.
A person continues fighting in order to fight for a cause.
If a person joins a sports team, he will feel motivated.
If a person studies more than usual, he will feel challenged.
If a person knows how to defend himself, he is a skilled fighter as a result.
If a person makes the best of things, he is content as a result.
If a person had been reading up on the subject, he knows more about the subject as a result.
If a person makes a wonderful discovery, he will feel happy.
If a person spends time with his friends, he will feel content.
If a person puts on a party for her mom, he will feel happy.
If a person went on a run, he will feel energetic.
If a person goes back to writing, he will feel inspired.
If a person researches a problem, he will feel intelligent.
If a person retaliates by persuading others, he will feel clever.
If a person says hi to the kids, he will feel friendly.
If a person entertains his buddies, he is seen as a good host.
A person had to explain the facts in order to be accurate.
If a person finds a new job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins an activist group, he will feel passionate.
A person starts a new semester in order to be in school.
A person continues training in order to improve.
If a person thinks back to a pleasant memory, he feels happy as a result.
If a person gets into a wreck, he will feel hurt.
If a person starts a holiday, he gets to spend time with his family as a result.
If a person is a person who thinks everything has some meaning, he wants to understand everything.
If a person learns new things, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person accidentally gets run over, he is injured as a result.
If a person takes it easy, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person puts in his application, he wants to get a job.
If a person learns from previous mistake, he will feel wise.
If a person learns to speak eloquently, he will feel confident.
If a person is likely to succeed, he will feel confident.
If a person decides to invite others over, he is pleased by PersonY’s visit as a result.
If a person tries to understand the world, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person gets a lot of sleep, he will feel rested.
If a person listens to other people, he will feel interested.
If a person practices the choreography, he wants to perform the dance.
A person reads the message in order to know what it says.
A person brings it up again in order to continue the conversation.
If a person provides a public service, he is thanked by the public as a result.
A person runs after others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person chases the thief, he will feel determined.
If a person seems unprepared, he will feel unconfident.
If a person uses the skills, he will feel capable.
A person works on a family project in order to spend time with his family.
If a person shows the first sign of hope, he wants to keep going.
If a person has a huge bed, he will feel cozy.
If a person finds a new object, he wants to use the object.
If a person and others get reacquainted, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is surrounded by friends, he feels happy as a result.
If a person asks for more details, he learns more about the situation as a result.
A person goes ahead with a plan in order to achieve a goal.
If a person is included in a group, he will feel accepted.
If a person feels a threat, he wants to feel safe.
If a person invests in another enterprise, he will feel hopeful.
If a person joins a debate team, he will feel intelligent.
If a person is captivated by others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person begins to apply his knowledge, he will feel inspired.
If a person experiences a fall, he will feel hurt.
A person visits Jerry in order to spend time with Jerry.
If a person is surprised by a cold wind, he is chilled as a result.
A person is going to work in order to get a job.
If a person calls an old friend, he wants to talk to her.
If a person invites others out to a dance, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person and others go to the circus, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person thinks about a problem, he will feel concerned.
If a person spends his time wisely, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes part in a contest, he will feel challenged.
A person feels around the room in order to know what is around him.
If a person reconciles with her mother, he is happy as a result.
A person reads the directions in order to follow the directions.
A person teaches others how to type in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets help from the police, he will feel safe.
If a person lives his life to the fullest, he will feel content.
If a person goes to a better place, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gives a talk at the local school, he is seen as articulate.
If a person is interested in ethical issues, he wants to do something ethical.
If a person resorts to prayer, he will feel inspired.
If a person is considered, he will feel respected.
A person questions others about something in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person learns how to ski, he enjoys skiing as a result.
A person decides to go abroad in order to experience new things.
If a person thinks she is in trouble, he wants to get out of trouble.
A person talks to others about faith in order to share his faith with PersonY.
If a person just refuses to die, he lives to see another day as a result.
If a person discovers a new love, he will feel happy.
If a person wears a jacket, he will feel warm.
If a person goes out for a vacation, he is able to relax as a result.
A person thinks for the long term in order to make the right decision.
If a person likes to think, he will feel inspired.
If a person and others read a book, he and PersonY learn something as a result.
A person seeks advice from others in order to be informed.
If a person reads the mystery novel, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a good vacation, he is rested as a result.
A person initiates a struggle in order to be in control.
A person helps others unpack in order to help PersonY.
If a person writes thank-you letters, he will feel grateful.
A person approaches others's table in order to talk to PersonY.
A person pursues in order to get ahead.
If a person and others learn how to swim, he and PersonY are better swimmers as a result.
If a person has a nice scene, he will feel satisfied.
If a person investigates what might be wrong, he finds out what is wrong as a result.
If a person performs a job well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is sick of being treated unfairly, he gets angry as a result.
If a person fights depression, he wants to get better.
If a person indulges in a pep talk, he will feel excited.
A person works on their computer in order to do something productive.
If a person is in a disguise, he is not recognized as a result.
A person decides to tell others everything in order to be honest.
If a person receives his due, he will feel happy.
A person takes the pet to the vet in order to help the pet.
If a person becomes prosperous, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets some fresh air, he will feel happy.
A person is practicing meditation in order to be relaxed.
A person sticks to their guns in order to be true to themselves.
If a person doesn't feel very comfortable, he wants to feel more comfortable.
If a person develops as a person, he is a better person as a result.
If a person lets go of resentment, he will feel at peace.
If a person puts his foot in it, he will feel guilty.
If a person is making progress, he will feel pleased.
If a person is learning the rules, he is on the right track as a result.
If a person works on a specific task, he wants to be able to do that task.
If a person’s life gets better, he is happy as a result.
If a person attends to the needs of others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person gets his coat and hat, he is warm as a result.
If a person’s pet elephant goes missing, he wants to find the elephant.
A person becomes very good at reaching targets in order to be a better marksman.
A person gets a chance to talk in order to tell his story.
If a person has a job offer, he wants to take the job.
If a person continues moving forward, he will feel strong.
If a person has grown accustomed to her food, he will feel content.
If a person dislikes a psychologist, he wants to avoid the psychologist.
A person tries to ask a question in order to know the answer.
If a person is unsure of the future, he wants to know what's going to happen.
A person goes for a walk in the park in order to relax.
If a person walks around the block, he will feel energetic.
If a person became ill, he wants to get better.
If a person gets what  wants, he will feel happy.
A person makes a to-do list in order to be organized.
If a person counts his blessings, he feels happy as a result.
If a person explains why something is difficult, he is seen as insightful.
If a person is running out of energy, he will feel sleepy.
If a person purchases insurance, he will feel protected.
If a person helps others fix a computer, he will feel useful.
A person is taking notes in order to learn.
If a person goes on a car ride, he has fun as a result.
If a person regrets the incident, he wants to change the past.
If a person plays games on it, he will feel entertained.
A person and others discuss others's feelings in order to know PersonY's feelings.
If a person listens to new music, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person has a fun idea, he will feel excited.
If a person's hand is crushed by others, he will feel in pain.
If a person reads a great deal, he is well-read as a result.
If a person cuts down on the booze, he gets more sober as a result.
If a person cares for others deeply, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person decides to teach others well in order to be a good teacher.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he wants to correct his mistake.
A person had the dog tied up in order to keep the dog from escaping.
If a person wins the trophy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is afraid of something, he will feel anxious.
If a person solves her problem, he will feel happy.
If a person is currently preparing to rescue personY, he will feel determined.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he will feel content.
A person goes back to war in order to fight for his country.
If a person exercises twice a day, he will feel healthy.
A person begins to walk in order to move on.
If a person becomes very concerned, he wants to find out what is wrong.
A person requests to meet with others in order to discuss a matter with PersonY.
If a person completes task successfully, he is seen as diligent.
If a person plans a holiday trip, he will feel happy.
If a person volunteers to work at a soup kitchen, he will feel helpful.
If a person gets an adult education, he will feel intelligent.
If a person has a quiet moment, he will feel peaceful.
A person spends time on others in order to be with PersonY.
A person prepares to leave for a trip in order to be ready for a new adventure.
If a person learns that others needs help, he offers to help PersonY as a result.
If a person asks a hard question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person and others think about raising a child, he will feel interested.
A person arranges a surprise for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person signs up for karate lessons in order to improve his self-defense skills.
If a person gets ready for a fight, he will feel confident.
If a person loves its mother, he wants to stay with its mother.
If a person takes a dip in the ocean, he will feel refreshed.
If a person watches the movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person walks for exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person fights with his spouse, he will feel upset.
If a person has a quick bath, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person signs up for karate lessons in order to learn a new skill.
A person asks if they're okay in order to make sure that everyone is okay.
A person prepares for a voyage in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person does something good, he will feel proud.
A person brings the dog to the vet in order to make sure the dog is healthy.
If a person attends a women’s conference, he meets women as a result.
If a person approaches the matter cautiously, he wants to make sure he is doing the right thing.
If a person enjoys a hike, he will feel refreshed.
If a person's hard work is rewarded, he will feel happy.
If a person has a brief respite, he will feel relieved.
If a person is interested in knowledge, he will feel inspired.
If a person's loved one passes away, he is saddened as a result.
If a person is in a big fight, he will feel angry.
If a person is reading the textbook, he learns the material as a result.
If a person has a high position, he will feel superior.
If a person bows his head in prayer, he will feel peaceful.
If a person breaks the rules and gets caught, he is punished as a result.
If a person gets his nose broken, he wants to get his nose fixed.
If a person goes for a drink in a pub, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is suspicious of others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person has the best job, he will feel happy.
If a person and others play on the jungle gym, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person takes a leisurely stroll on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
A person decides to run for political office in order to make a difference.
If a person receives a big present, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to the shrink, he wants to get better.
If a person becomes a regular contributor, he will feel motivated.
A person waits for others to sleep in order to make sure PersonY is well rested.
A person makes a journey in order to learn something new.
If a person devises a new experiment, he learns something new as a result.
A person requests others's presence in order to talk to PersonY.
A person takes others to his office in order to show PersonY his office.
If a person decides to speak up, he will feel brave.
A person puts his head on the pillow in order to rest.
If a person has been on vacation, he will feel refreshed.
A person visits old people in order to help old people.
If a person raises the ante, he will feel powerful.
If a person is filled with ideas, he will feel excited.
If a person participates in a bike race, he will feel competitive.
A person begins her new job in order to earn money.
If a person wins the game, he is happy as a result.
A person goes away on a long trip in order to have a break.
If a person watches a few movies, he is entertained as a result.
If a person takes a two-week vacation, he is able to rest as a result.
If a person picks up a new pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person has a romantic relationship, he will feel in love.
If a person learns to ride a bike, he gets better at biking as a result.
A person takes an interesting walk in order to be outdoors.
If a person dances with a cute girl, he will feel excited.
A person keeps the project on schedule in order to be successful.
A person spends time in prayer in order to be close to God.
If a person walks for miles, he will feel energetic.
If a person buys others's idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to doubt his or her abilities, he will feel anxious.
A person consults others about his job in order to get advice from PersonY.
If a person weighs the alternatives, he wants to choose one.
If a person is wondering where he put it, he wants to find it.
If a person mended his ways, he became a better person as a result.
If a person continues trying to find others, he will feel determined.
A person and others sings a song together in order to share a song with PersonY.
If a person has finished the mission, he will feel accomplished.
If a person was given some good advice, he will feel encouraged.
If a person has a drink with friends, he is drunk as a result.
A person washes dog's hair in order to keep the dog clean.
If a person knows how to take care of herself, he will feel independent.
A person puts together others's life in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person goes to dance class, he will feel energetic.
If a person has a passion for ballroom dancing, he gets good at dancing as a result.
If a person is competent at work, he will feel confident.
A person studies statistics in order to improve his knowledge.
If a person is in the running, he will feel confident.
A person gives a tour of the city in order to show the city to a group of tourists.
A person asks others to come with him in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is a dependable and honest student, he wants to be a successful student.
A person settles into a job in order to make a living.
A person joins a tour in order to see the world.
If a person fights to reach others, he will feel determined.
If a person and others go to a rock concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns new cultures, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person follows others on Twitter in order to be in touch with PersonY.
A person chooses to leave home in order to be independent.
A person and others grow close in order to have a good relationship with PersonY.
If a person sees something alarming, he wants to know what it is.
If a person starts studying for the entrance exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes disconcerted, he wants to become calm.
If a person prepares a tasty dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person believes others's instructions, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a job as an agent, he will feel successful.
If a person questions his father, he learns more about his father as a result.
If a person has everything going for her, he will feel confident.
If a person sleeps soundly, he will feel relaxed.
A person goes back to a rural setting in order to be back in nature.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person explains things, he will feel understood.
If a person hangs out with old friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets everything she wants, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person attends the movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person soaks in the tub, he will feel relaxed.
A person showed it to others in order to be able to share it with PersonY.
If a person overcomes others's objections, he will feel victorious.
If a person gets over a bad situation, he will feel confident.
A person starts dressing up in order to look nice.
If a person gets into a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person turns his life around, he will feel content.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he gets scared as a result.
If a person promises to help a friend, he will feel good.
A person tries to fix it in order to get the job done.
If a person doesn't like this record, he wants to listen to a different record.
If a person starts to comfort others, he will feel kind.
If a person gets treatment, he recovers as a result.
If a person looks at old pictures, he reminisces as a result.
A person started a new job in order to earn money.
If a person sits and rests, he will feel calm.
If a person and others have a nice chat, he will feel friendly.
A person goes to have a look in order to know what is going on.
If a person gets his cake, he will feel happy.
A person tries to tell a story in order to entertain.
If a person is cautious, he avoids making mistakes as a result.
A person starts out for others’s house in order to see PersonY.
If a person is a hit in his new setting, he is happy as a result.
If a person arranges it, he will feel in control.
If a person must confront racism, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes the leader, he will feel powerful.
If a person beats others to the door, he will feel superior.
If a person learns to be more assertive, he is more confident as a result.
If a person receives a hug, he feels loved as a result.
If a person is a prominent leader, he will feel confident.
A person explores his sexuality in order to be more open about his sexuality.
If a person convinces others to change careers, he will feel satisfied.
A person has a private talk with others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person discovers a discrepancy, he wants to investigate.
If a person regrets making a donation, he wants to give back the money.
If a person drives a nice car, he is proud of his car as a result.
A person is on the way to see others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person starts to date again, he meets a new woman as a result.
If a person finds a husband, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives an informative talk, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person reaches the peak of perfection, he will feel happy.
If a person visits a science museum, he will feel interested.
If a person achieves success, he will feel happy.
If a person has noticed that his boss is missing, he wants to look for his boss.
If a person is a prominent member of society, he will feel esteemed.
A person brings people to see others in order to help PersonY.
A person asks others to work faster in order to be more efficient.
If a person provides a public talk, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person begins living at home, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others bring each other into their confidence, he will feel supported.
If a person has a drink with someone, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person reads an old book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person discovers that others has been stealing, he wants to stop PersonY from stealing.
A person is at the store in order to buy something.
If a person has a wonderful life, he will feel happy.
If a person gets some sleep, he will feel refreshed.
A person makes an attempt to take it easy in order to rest.
If a person begins a singing career, he wants to sing and be famous.
If a person watches a few movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person hums a lullaby, he will feel content.
A person practices riding in order to be good at riding.
If a person solves a business problem, he will feel competent.
A person describes something to others in order to share something with PersonY.
A person goes around the mountain in order to see the other side of the mountain.
If a person gets ready to start again, he will feel optimistic.
If a person puts an end to a quarrel, he will feel pleased.
If a person stops worrying, he will feel calm.
If a person finds closure, he feels better as a result.
If a person enjoys taking pictures, he is an amateur photographer as a result.
If a person argues about things, he gets angry as a result.
A person convinces others to come home in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person flosses his teeth, he has a clean mouth as a result.
If a person goes into a downward spiral, he will feel hopeless.
If a person gets hit by a train, he is injured as a result.
If a person comes to an agreement, he has a better understanding of the situation as a result.
If a person plays Rock Band with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person doesn't understand how it happened, he will feel puzzled.
If a person finally gets sick, he wants to go to the doctor.
A person joins a protest march in order to be part of a movement.
If a person discovers a new passion, he wants to try it out.
If a person goes into church, he will feel spiritual.
A person shares her knowledge in order to help others.
If a person has a feeling, he wants to know what it is.
If a person is picking up the pace, he will feel determined.
If a person behaves like a gentleman, he will feel confident.
If a person is at the market, he buys some food as a result.
If a person gets used to new medication, he will feel at ease.
If a person acts as a part of society, he is respected by society as a result.
If a person leads a bad life, he is miserable as a result.
If a person tries on a coat, he will feel cool.
If a person puts on her clothing, he will feel comfortable.
If a person learns to ride a horse, he gets better at riding as a result.
If a person plans a romantic dinner, he will feel relaxed.
If a person shows and explains, he is seen as smart.
If a person kisses others passionately, he will feel thrilled.
If a person comes to a bad end, he is killed as a result.
If a person receives a raise, he will feel happy.
If a person orders a new computer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is out on vacation, he is not in the office as a result.
If a person has his coat stolen, he wants to get his coat back.
If a person gets work, he will feel content.
A person talks to a lawyer in order to resolve a legal issue.
A person pays attention to every action in order to be more careful.
A person cleans her kitchen in order to be tidy.
If a person thinks that others is pregnant, he wants to find out if PersonY is pregnant.
If a person adopts a posture, he will feel assertive.
If a person regrets his choice, he wants to change his choice.
A person checks on the dog in order to be sure the dog is okay.
A person performs an investigation in order to know the truth.
A person moves the conversation forward in order to start a new topic.
If a person is unpredictable, he has mood swings as a result.
If a person gets the wrong end of the stick, he will feel disappointed.
If a person keeps painting, he will feel artistic.
If a person plays nice with others, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person devises a solution, he wants to share his solution.
If a person is considered for a job, he will feel hopeful.
A person makes an inspection in order to find out what is going on.
A person studies the result in order to know the answer.
If a person is threatened by someone, he will feel afraid.
A person starts getting familiar with others in order to be friendly with PersonY.
If a person finds a newspaper article, he reads the article as a result.
If a person plans the wedding, he is happy as a result.
If a person resolves to be more than he is, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person's investment pays off, he will feel pleased.
A person goes outside for a minute in order to get some fresh air.
If a person finds something broken, he wants to fix it.
If a person gets some new friends, he will feel good.
If a person is good at driving, he will feel confident.
If a person does not forget to take a shower, he will feel clean.
A person begins to write in order to express her feelings.
If a person helps organize a celebration, he will feel helpful.
If a person goes where he wants to go, he will feel independent.
If a person is reminded of a painful past, he feels sad as a result.
A person organizes a surprise party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets help from the doctor, he will feel healthy.
If a person faces ridicule, he will feel embarrassed.
A person writes letter to an old friend in order to keep in touch with an old friend.
If a person is performing well, he will feel confident.
A person participates in the team in order to help the team.
If a person puts their best foot forward, he will feel determined.
A person reexamines others in order to understand PersonY better.
A person and others exercise in order to be healthy and PersonY wants to be fit.
A person volunteers to work at a soup kitchen in order to help others.
A person is about to take off in order to go on a trip.
If a person gets to go on vacation, he will feel happy.
A person and others write a letter in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person puts a plan in motion, he wants to see the plan through.
If a person feels a respect for others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person tries to do everything in order to be the best.
If a person tastes some delicious food, he will feel satisfied.
A person asks to speak to others in order to tell PersonY something.
A person behaves like a gentleman in order to be respected.
If a person learns about a disease, he wants to learn more about the disease.
If a person is a very busy man, he will feel exhausted.
If a person takes a look at the stock market, he will feel interested.
A person buries himself in his work in order to be focused.
If a person acts quickly, he will feel capable.
If a person watches a comedy, he will feel entertained.
If a person is in peril, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person can’t take it anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person tries to keep his cool, he is calm as a result.
If a person uses others as a confidant, he will feel comforted.
If a person goes camping by himself, he learns to be self-reliant as a result.
If a person entertains a visitor, he is seen as a good host.
If a person considers possibilities, he wants to do something.
If a person is, more or less, safe now, he will feel relaxed.
If a person learns to play the violin, he is good at playing the violin as a result.
If a person carries out the job, he is seen as competent.
If a person and others paint the room together, he and PersonY have a successful painting session as a result.
If a person can't stop his fascination with his mother, he wants to know his mother better.
If a person becomes the leader of the gang, he will feel confident.
If a person experiences others's lack of courtesy, he is hurt by PersonY's behavior as a result.
If a person's hope is rewarded, he will feel joyful.
If a person comes from a long line of the learned, he will feel intelligent.
If a person took a course, he will feel motivated.
If a person proves he's right, he will feel confident.
A person drives to meet others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person chills out at home, he will feel content.
A person resists the urge in order to avoid temptation.
If a person feels terrible, he wants to feel better.
A person confronts his father in order to understand his father.
A person is working on the computer in order to get work done.
If a person had fun with others, he will feel content.
If a person has a fun idea, he wants to try it.
If a person chooses the right item, he will feel confident.
If a person feels misunderstood, he wants to be understood.
If a person drinks hot tea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person defies the odds, he will feel triumphant.
If a person wears beautiful clothes, he will feel fashionable.
A person visits a graveyard in order to pay his respects.
A person arranges the items in order to have everything in order.
If a person completes her journey, he will feel complete.
A person spends a lot of time meditating in order to relax.
If a person goes to the law, he wants to be a lawyer.
A person talks about a person's work in order to know more about a person's work.
If a person gets up in the middle of the night, he is groggy as a result.
A person begins to do something in order to be productive.
If a person discovers that a friend is in trouble, he will feel worried.
If a person reads the local newspaper, he is informed about the latest news as a result.
If a person and others see a concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person becomes a successful musician, he will feel accomplished.
If a person learns to protect himself, he will feel confident.
A person works on it in order to be able to do it.
If a person worries for the kids, he wants to take care of the kids.
A person follows others from a distance in order to know what PersonY is doing.
If a person gives others a good reference, he will feel satisfied.
If a person holds a position for years, he will feel secure.
A person begins a job in order to make money.
If a person has difficulty sleeping, he will feel restless.
If a person has a phone, he is able to call people as a result.
If a person grows weary, he wants to rest.
If a person complains about his teacher, he wants to see a different teacher.
A person visits her daughter in order to be close to her daughter.
If a person prepares a menu, he has a nice meal as a result.
If a person packs for a day at the beach, he has a good time at the beach as a result.
If a person sits and has a break, he gets a good rest as a result.
If a person takes care of the grass, he will feel productive.
If a person and others bring each other into their confidence, he and PersonY become closer as a result.
If a person gets more exercise, he is healthier as a result.
If a person is others's mentor, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person finds support, he will feel strong.
If a person puts on a wonderful show, he will feel delighted.
If a person comes up with a good plan, he will feel pleased.
If a person is offended by others's opinion, he gets angry as a result.
If a person takes a break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is accepted into university, he wants to study more.
If a person performs well in bed, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes to believe that others is a murderer, he wants to see PersonY punished.
If a person has respect for others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person is attacked by a dog, he is bitten as a result.
If a person hurts his arm, he is in pain as a result.
If a person looks for things, he finds things as a result.
If a person knows what he wants, he will feel in control.
If a person accepts others's compliment, he will feel happy.
If a person has a happy childhood, he will feel content.
If a person realizes that he is not alone, he will feel supported.
If a person listens to a strange noise, he investigates the noise as a result.
If a person learns how to ski, he gets better at skiing as a result.
If a person enters a new field, he wants to learn more.
A person and others run together in order to exercise and PersonY wants to run.
A person works out the truth in order to get to the bottom of the problem.
If a person meets the press, he gets media attention as a result.
If a person begins to trust others, he will feel relaxed.
A person joins the rally in order to help the cause.
If a person takes on the challenge, he will feel courageous.
If a person has strong beliefs, he will feel confident.
If a person is nearly out of it, he will feel desperate.
A person plans the journey in order to see the world.
A person organizes a fund-raiser in order to raise money for a charity.
If a person watches the History Channel, he learns about the past as a result.
If a person wins the approval of others, he will feel pleased.
If a person has plenty of information on others, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person worries about the parking ticket, he wants to get the ticket fixed.
If a person starts boxing, he gets into shape as a result.
If a person becomes more concerned, he wants to take action.
A person tries to change his life in order to be more responsible.
If a person takes an interesting walk, he enjoys the walk as a result.
A person wants to take a person with her in order to have someone to share her journey.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he will feel calm.
If a person begins to feel sorry for others, he is kind to PersonY as a result.
If a person keeps watching, he will feel interested.
If a person in Africa drinks warm water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has some bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person is afraid of being found out, he will feel nervous.
If a person sees that it is not a good idea, he does not do it as a result.
A person tries to make eye contact in order to connect with others.
If a person learns a sport, he will feel skilled.
If a person takes a different path to school, he will feel independent.
A person gets to the bottom of it in order to find out the truth.
If a person enjoys a day at the beach, he will feel relaxed.
If a person reads articles and books, he will feel curious.
If a person receives some good advice, he will feel encouraged.
If a person read through books and records, he wants to learn.
If a person worries about others’s diet, he wants to help PersonY eat better.
If a person takes an interest in cooking, he will feel inspired.
If a person finds employment, he will feel successful.
A person helps to clean the office in order to make the office look nice.
If a person becomes a part of it, he wants to help.
A person had a good meal in order to feel full.
If a person gets into a conflict, he will feel angry.
If a person starts taking computer science, he gains skills as a result.
A person goes into the sea in order to explore the ocean.
If a person is about to realize something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person takes up boxing, he gets fit as a result.
If a person has a fancy notion, he wants to do something about it.
If a person and others become close, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person tries to find information, he wants to know more.
If a person regrets their action, he wants to fix their mistake.
If a person and others smoke at the same time, he and PersonY are both high as a result.
If a person decides to use this, he will feel pleased.
If a person's sleep is broken, he will feel restless.
If a person brings others up-to-date, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person is rich and successful, he will feel confident.
If a person feels a strong aversion to alcohol, he doesn’t drink as a result.
A person practices talking in order to improve her communication skills.
A person invites personY to dinner in order to spend time with personY.
If a person will get the last word, he will feel triumphant.
If a person likes to meditate, he wants to meditate more.
A person decides to read it again in order to remember it.
A person takes immediate action in order to get something done.
A person samples some beverages in order to sample new beverages.
If a person repents and changes his ways, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person finds common ground with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person grows even closer to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person likes to play, he wants to play more.
If a person tries to do sth, he will feel motivated.
If a person tells others a nice story, he will feel good.
If a person goes on a week-long holiday, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is a good commander, he will feel confident.
If a person remains calm, he doesn’t get angry as a result.
If a person starts therapy, he wants to get better.
A person goes out a lot in order to have fun.
If a person wins others's approval, he will feel pleased.
If a person catches a sale item at the store, he will feel pleased.
A person introduces a routine in order to be more organized.
If a person puts on lotion, he will feel comfortable.
If a person goes back to visit the children, he is happy to see the children as a result.
If a person follows the procedure, he will feel organized.
If a person reads others’s secret diary, he learns about PersonY’s private life as a result.
If a person shows a tender heart, he wants to be kind.
A person tries to express herself in order to be understood.
If a person learns to work the new photocopier, he will feel competent.
If a person is furious at others, he wants to fight PersonY.
If a person's hopes were realized, he will feel happy.
If a person is attacked by a masked man, he will feel scared.
A person increases the quality in order to make the best product.
If a person does not have to worry, he will feel relaxed.
If a person realizes his error, he wants to correct his error.
If a person sits down to read, he will feel comfortable.
A person changes his view in order to see the world from a different perspective.
A person is a good diplomat in order to improve relations with other countries.
If a person finds out about the plot, he wants to find out what's going on.
A person meets his son's teacher in order to talk to his son's teacher.
If a person teaches self how to program, he will feel motivated.
If a person has come to the end, he is on the verge of quitting as a result.
A person studies abroad in order to broaden his horizons.
If a person finds a good hiding place, he will feel comfortable.
A person enacts a plan in order to get the job done.
If a person and others are kissing, he will feel passionate.
If a person knows the work, he will feel confident.
A person gets ready to start in order to be ready for a new task.
A person and others quit smoking in order to be healthy and PersonY wants to be free from nicotine addiction.
If a person studies the diagram, he wants to know what the diagram means.
If a person speaks to the audience, he will feel heard.
A person tries to keep away in order to avoid conflict.
If a person gets a bad experience, he will feel upset.
If a person receives some good advice, he will feel wise.
If a person plans ahead, he will feel competent.
A person wants to stay at home in order to spend time with his family.
If a person organizes things, he will feel in control.
If a person puts a house in order, he will feel accomplished.
If a person establishes her rights, he will feel in control.
If a person reviews statistics, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person decides to fight back in order to be in control.
If a person loses in the argument, he will feel defeated.
If a person's feelings are hurt, he is angry as a result.
If a person takes the time to eat, he will feel nourished.
If a person thinks like an adult, he will feel confident.
If a person carves wood, he will feel productive.
If a person sits in a deep chair, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has a possible suspect, he wants to investigate.
A person cradles others in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person has too many demands on his time, he is overworked as a result.
A person promises to study hard in order to get good grades.
A person invites others out to a dance in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is accepted to college, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes care of others's feelings, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person finds a new hobby, he will feel inspired.
A person gets ready to speak in order to be prepared.
If a person serves as a role model, he is liked by his peers as a result.
If a person makes things different, he gets different results as a result.
If a person happens to finish the task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a member of the group, he will feel accepted.
If a person is accepted into a new circle of friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person likes to read newspapers, he is informed about current events as a result.
If a person goes out to the movies, he will feel happy.
If a person knows he made a mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person cannot tolerate it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person applies a medication, he feels better as a result.
If a person feels like going for a walk, he will feel relaxed.
A person searches the Web for information in order to learn more about the situation.
A person tries to work out in order to stay healthy.
If a person notices the wonderful soup, he enjoys the soup as a result.
If a person finds somebody to share a beer with, he will feel comfortable.
If a person learns to fight for himself, he develops self-confidence as a result.
If a person sees an opening, he wants to take advantage of the opportunity.
If a person is accepted into graduate school, he wants to study more.
If a person takes an interest in recycling, he wants to recycle more.
A person is well-groomed in order to look good.
If a person gets in an argument, he is not happy as a result.
If a person is worried about coming home late, he wants to be home early.
If a person is a therapist, he helps his clients as a result.
If a person knows that one should be responsible, he wants to be responsible.
If a person fights and wins, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person reassembles himself, he will feel whole.
If a person takes vacation, he will feel refreshed.
A person takes steps to facilitate in order to get things done.
A person drives up to others's house in order to meet PersonY.
A person takes a relaxing walk in order to enjoy the day.
If a person comes to admire others, he will feel happy.
If a person feels completely trapped, he will feel desperate.
If a person gets a nasty surprise, he feels hurt as a result.
If a person decides to read a book, he will feel content.
If a person listens to his intuition, he will feel in tune.
If a person studies a table of facts, he will feel interested.
If a person gets invited to hang out, he gets to hang out with his friends as a result.
If a person overcomes the obstacles, he is successful as a result.
A person goes to a good restaurant in order to eat a good meal.
A person helps others with homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person agrees to the contract, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets dressed for work, he will feel put together.
A person becomes interested in others in order to get to know PersonY better.
A person practices for concert in order to be a good musician.
If a person is a self-proclaimed expert, he will feel confident.
A person quit his job in order to do something different.
If a person goes in for treatment, he wants to get better.
A person begins to plan in order to get ready for the task.
A person confronts others’s past in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person thinks that others is getting lazy, he wants to get PersonY to work harder.
If a person thinks about life and concludes that it is good, he will feel at peace.
If a person goes back to his old self, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns a new skill, he will feel accomplished.
If a person suffers a defeat, he is disappointed as a result.
If a person has a good idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person refines the question, he learns to ask better questions as a result.
If a person owns a successful business, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes others's song, he wants to hear PersonY's song again.
If a person sleeps for a while, he will feel relaxed.
If a person begins to wonder about others's whereabouts, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person has begun to form an idea, he wants to find out more.
If a person puts on a blouse, he feels pretty as a result.
If a person beats others in the Olympics, he will feel triumphant.
If a person goes out for food, he will feel happy.
If a person is dressed to the nines, he will feel confident.
If a person has her car vandalized, he wants to get her car fixed.
A person looks it up in order to find out more about the topic.
If a person starts off right, he will feel confident.
If a person convinces, he will feel good.
A person and others talk on the phone in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person leaves home for work in order to be independent.
If a person stands up for his convictions, he will feel brave.
If a person and others go to the village, he and PersonY meet the locals as a result.
If a person can no longer bear it, he wants to quit.
If a person has a better time, he will feel happier.
If a person performs well in bed, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to speak French, he speaks French fluently as a result.
A person participates in mediation in order to resolve a conflict.
If a person lets go of resentment, he will feel calm.
If a person regrets what he had done, he wants to apologize.
If a person follows a routine, he will feel controlled.
If a person regrets his actions, he wants to make amends.
If a person visits the park, he has fun as a result.
If a person and others celebrates the New Year, he will feel happy.
A person intends to compensate others with interest in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person reads a passage, he understands the text as a result.
A person walks around in the morning in order to be active.
If a person is home for the holidays, he will feel happy.
If a person withdraws from all activities, he will feel isolated.
If a person seems to be a good manager, he will feel confident.
If a person starts running every day, he will feel excited.
A person consults person Y in order to ask person Y for advice.
If a person puts on a coat and gloves, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets more training, he will feel competent.
If a person tries to understand others, he is seen as compassionate.
A person looks over the contract in order to understand the contract.
If a person attends ballet class, he enjoys ballet as a result.
A person will take a shower soon in order to be clean.
If a person takes part in a journey, he wants to see the world.
If a person takes more college courses, he will feel intelligent.
If a person gets some payback, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to explain the situation in order to be understood.
If a person takes swimming lessons, he gets better at swimming as a result.
A person is running in the park in order to get exercise.
If a person rolls the ball into the goal, he will feel accomplished.
A person continues his education in order to improve his knowledge.
If a person is plagued by doubt, he will feel discouraged.
If a person abuses drug, he gets addicted as a result.
If a person spends more time at work, he will feel productive.
If a person practices music, he wants to play music.
If a person develops a proposal, he wants to get it done.
If a person has one too many drinks, he will feel tipsy.
If a person notices something off, he wants to investigate.
If a person is skilled at explaining things, he will feel confident.
If a person visits a new town, he wants to see the sights.
If a person remembers a song from the past, he wants to hear the song again.
If a person thinks that others is confused, he tries to help PersonY as a result.
If a person manages to get along with others, he will feel accepted.
If a person starts making progress, he will feel motivated.
A person working hard in order to be a success.
If a person is hurt in a car accident, he will feel pain.
If a person is given the opportunity to go to college, he accepts the offer as a result.
If a person decides to repent, he wants to go to church.
If a person and others travel to other countries, he and PersonY meet other people as a result.
If a person begins training in his new job, he wants to do well in his new job.
If a person discovers a new detail, he wants to know more.
If a person gets a lot of sleep, he feels rested as a result.
If a person searches the web, he finds information as a result.
If a person meets a person with an interesting story, he will feel curious.
If a person has a successful career, he will feel confident.
A person tries to stand up in order to show his strength.
If a person has a look at the letter, he wants to see the contents.
If a person's dilemma, he will feel frustrated.
A person exercises his body in order to be healthy.
If a person engages in poetry, he will feel moved.
If a person owns his own house, he will feel independent.
If a person looks for clothes, he wants to wear something new.
If a person becomes unsure, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person learns to play piano, he is a better pianist as a result.
If a person deals with inconveniences, he gets used to inconveniences as a result.
If a person is recognized for work, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person can’t bear to go on, he wants to give up.
If a person asks for champagne, he will feel merry.
If a person has the presence of mind to think, he will feel in control.
If a person gets his own apartment, he has more space as a result.
If a person takes control of a situation, he will feel empowered.
If a person and others share a drink at the pub, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
If a person eats a yummy meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds success, he feels proud as a result.
A person consults me in order to have my advice.
If a person keeps drinking, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person had fun with others, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person is making plans, he will feel hopeful.
A person resists an urge to scream in order to stay calm.
If a person shakes hands with someone, he will feel friendly.
If a person purchases the goods, he will feel satisfied.
If a person felt puzzled, he wants to understand.
If a person can't decide on what to do, he will feel confused.
If a person always says what he means, he will feel sincere.
If a person gets electrocuted, he is in pain as a result.
If a person and others get intimate, he and PersonY are now a couple as a result.
If a person makes a large profit, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees to it that, he will feel pleased.
If a person's mind is a blank, he is unable to remember as a result.
If a person tries to understand people, he will feel open.
If a person has a choice to make, he wants to choose the correct answer.
If a person leads a bad life, he will feel miserable.
If a person goes out to have fun, he will feel energized.
If a person entertains himself, he will feel content.
If a person gets into the argument, he gets angry as a result.
If a person goes back to see the sights, he enjoys the sights as a result.
A person travels across the land in order to see the world.
If a person discusses the details, he is seen as knowledgeable.
A person keeps a low profile in order to avoid the spotlight.
A person provides information to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others enjoy a picnic, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person really gets rolling, he will feel happy.
A person stops to drink some water in order to be hydrated.
If a person looks at things, he will feel interested.
If a person becomes suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person receives his paycheck, he will feel happy.
If a person sets up a private meeting, he meets his client as a result.
A person takes a secretarial course in order to be a better secretary.
If a person meets an important goal, he will feel happy.
If a person gets up and goes to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes over the job, he will feel successful.
If a person goes in peace, he will feel relaxed.
If a person acquires new data, he wants to learn more.
If a person takes medicine, he feels better as a result.
A person talks to others about it in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person buys an item, he is happy with the item as a result.
If a person learns about ethics, he is more ethical as a result.
A person tries to paint a picture in order to be creative.
A person studies others's habits in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person cares about how people view her, he wants to be liked.
If a person backs up the story, he will feel justified.
If a person types a love letter, he will feel happy.
If a person starts to find old people extremely irritating, he wants to get away from old people.
If a person devises a plan to fool others, he will feel clever.
If a person is bothered by a false rumor, he wants to disprove the rumor.
If a person is in a crowded place, he will feel claustrophobic.
A person collects information from others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person tells others that the fish is good, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is working out, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person makes music, he wants to make money.
If a person asks others to explain it again, he wants to understand it better.
If a person finds a guru, he gains enlightenment as a result.
A person undertakes a project in order to be productive.
If a person asks questions to get answers, he will feel intelligent.
If a person takes care of it, he will feel in control.
A person takes care of the guest in order to be a good host.
If a person types an interoffice memo, he will feel productive.
If a person prepared well for an exam, he will feel confident.
If a person does not like the location of the lamp, he wants to move the lamp.
If a person keeps the party going, he will feel energetic.
A person puts the food on the table in order to make sure that everyone is fed.
If a person gets the house cleaned, he will feel accomplished.
If a person begins to write, he wants to be a writer.
If a person is well dressed, he will feel good.
If a person bakes delicious cookies, he will feel pleased.
A person repents and changes his ways in order to be a better person.
A person try to get others to go fishing in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person encourages the team, he will feel pleased.
A person is going on a journey in order to explore the world.
If a person comes to grips with something, he wants to deal with it.
If a person plays the leading role, he will feel powerful.
If a person buys dress, he is pleased with the dress as a result.
A person calls his mother in order to hear his mother's voice.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he will feel pleased.
If a person's hopes were realized, he was happy as a result.
If a person gives a good service, he will feel appreciated.
If a person completes a homework assignment, he will feel happy.
If a person joins her kids on a bike ride, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person goes dancing with others, he has fun as a result.
If a person practices self-help methods, he improves his self-esteem as a result.
If a person receives a good review, he will feel happy.
A person passes a piece of cake to others in order to share a treat with PersonY.
If a person is made a fool of, he will feel humiliated.
If a person is at the right time, he will feel confident.
If a person has a lousy life, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person enforces rules, he will feel authoritative.
If a person has a choice to make, he wants to choose the right choice.
If a person gives a successful lecture, he will feel happy.
If a person enters into a contract, he is paid as a result.
A person leaves the town in order to go to a new place.
If a person fights for herself, he will feel courageous.
If a person takes a little break, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person finally listens to his parents, he wants to do what his parents want.
If a person suffers an allergic reaction, he will feel in pain.
If a person observes other people doing things, he is a good observer as a result.
A person goes into the coffee shop in order to have a cup of coffee.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is hit with a bus, he will feel in pain.
If a person teaches himself, he will feel competent.
If a person does something fun, he will feel relaxed.
A person makes contact with others's parents in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person doesn't know what is going on, he will feel puzzled.
A person starts building a house in order to have a place to live.
A person argues for others's plan in order to help PersonY.
A person decides not to fight in order to avoid conflict.
If a person wants to spend time with others, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person has work to do, he will feel stressed.
If a person joins a circle of friends, he will feel happy.
If a person is beaten up by others, he is injured as a result.
If a person likes to take pictures, he is an amateur photographer as a result.
If a person trains to be a doctor, he will feel determined.
If a person cares for others deeply, he and PersonY are very close as a result.
If a person does something charitable, he will feel good.
A person develops new technologies in order to be innovative.
If a person is concerned about others's feelings, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person takes a long vacation, he will feel refreshed.
A person tries to talk about the problem in order to solve the problem.
If a person is a really good poet, he is published as a result.
If a person finds out something new, he wants to learn more.
If a person has a lovely home, he will feel at home.
If a person is distracted by another, he loses his concentration as a result.
If a person is able to get a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he will feel frightened.
If a person wants to show appreciation, he will feel pleased.
If a person knows the drill, he will feel confident.
If a person walks through a dangerous area, he will feel frightened.
A person takes in every detail in order to remember everything.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he wants to be more assertive.
If a person uses others as a confidant, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
If a person has a party at home, he has a good time as a result.
If a person plans a great event, he will feel excited.
If a person experiences an unfavorable outcome, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person fulfills an obligation, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person thinks a lot about what's going on, he is concerned about what's going on as a result.
If a person is convinced by others, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person asks a series of questions in order to understand.
If a person reaches an understanding with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person takes care of them both, he is seen as a good parent.
If a person gets in shape, he will feel strong.
If a person says others is breaking the rules, he wants to tell PersonY to stop.
A person avoids falling into the well in order to avoid the pain of falling.
If a person finishes homework, he will feel accomplished.
A person uses person-oriented sentence structure in order to be personable.
If a person delivers a talk, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person visits the health food store, he will feel healthy.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he will feel friendly.
If a person decides to move forward, he will feel hopeful.
If a person completes an order, he will feel competent.
If a person tries to read a hard book, he learns to read as a result.
If a person achieves success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is always a saint, he is always well-liked as a result.
If a person gets help from friends, he will feel supported.
If a person enjoys the meal, he will feel full.
If a person eventually gets the job, he will feel pleased.
A person promises to do homework in order to be a good student.
If a person thinks about his work, he will feel busy.
If a person makes lots of money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person complains about a mysterious noise, he wants to find out what the noise is.
If a person is concerned with the children, he wants to help out.
A person begins to improve in order to be a better person.
A person tells it to someone in order to share the information.
If a person begins to read, he will feel interested.
If a person speaks with compassion, he will feel understood.
If a person learns to cope, he will feel strong.
If a person accepts to take part in the action, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries to outsmart others, he will feel clever.
If a person has a fear of violence, he wants to be safe.
If a person has a great project, he will feel proud.
If a person maintains a healthy lifestyle, he will feel content.
If a person reads a book at bedtime, he will feel content.
If a person feels sympathy for others, he wants to comfort PersonY.
A person visits a gym in order to stay in shape.
A person reads the books in order to learn.
If a person takes others to meet her family, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person initiates a change, he will feel empowered.
If a person says "Thank you", he will feel pleased.
A person is always polite in order to be a good person.
A person talks about it to a counsellor in order to get help.
If a person takes offense to the comment, he is angry as a result.
A person rakes the lawn in order to keep the lawn in good shape.
If a person goes to choir practice, he wants to sing in the choir.
If a person is taking charge, he will feel strong.
If a person hurt his knee, he will feel in pain.
A person plans to leave the place in order to be free.
If a person has found a new direction, he wants to continue in that direction.
If a person attends a meeting with his family, he wants to be with his family.
If a person wants to talk about the murder, he learns more about the murder as a result.
If a person reads a story, he will feel entertained.
If a person lands a big order, he will feel happy.
If a person is able to rest, he will feel content.
A person contributes to the public in order to be part of the community.
A person makes a cake for her family in order to make her family happy.
If a person makes a detailed plan, he will feel determined.
If a person puts his affairs in order, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes inside the restaurant, he orders a meal as a result.
If a person considers himself at fault, he wants to make amends.
If a person seeks assurance, he gets reassurance as a result.
If a person starts to investigate, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person is the hero, he will feel respected.
If a person is fully organized, he is a tidy person as a result.
If a person starts making a living, he is happy as a result.
A person pulls others into his world in order to teach PersonY about his world.
If a person takes a month off, he feels rested as a result.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he will feel capable.
If a person finds it interesting, he wants to learn more.
If a person wins others’s sympathy, he wants to be liked by PersonY.
If a person finishes all her chores, he will feel accomplished.
A person must talk to somebody in order to share his feelings.
If a person jogs up the street, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person gets flustered, he wants to calm down.
If a person convinces others to do something, he will feel good.
If a person requests not to be disturbed, he is left alone as a result.
If a person is engaged in conflict, he will feel angry.
If a person buys tickets to a movie, he will feel happy.
A person chooses to get involved in order to be involved in the community.
A person brings people to the church in order to share his faith.
A person sits down to work in order to be productive.
A person tells others his feelings in order to be honest.
A person goes to visit 's mother in order to spend time with his mother.
If a person mends his ways, he will feel good.
If a person learns to be responsible, he will feel motivated.
If a person frets over others’s silence, he wants to hear from PersonY.
A person trains in the park in order to be in shape.
If a person attends the celebration, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns from previous mistake, he wants to avoid mistakes.
If a person has a good date, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes over business, he will feel powerful.
A person agrees to volunteer in order to help others.
If a person gets into another jam, he will feel upset.
If a person learns the facts, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person believes in family ties, he wants to be close to his family.
If a person makes a good case, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stops over at the bank, he wants to make a deposit.
A person continues to walk in order to keep exercising.
If a person wants to know more about him, he finds out more about him as a result.
A person plans to study for the exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person joins an action committee, he will feel motivated.
If a person presents a case, he will feel persuasive.
If a person laments an unhealthy habit, he wants to quit.
If a person snuggles with others, he will feel content.
A person buys a self-help book in order to learn how to solve problems.
A person sends in her résumé in order to be employed.
If a person invents something wonderful, he will feel happy.
If a person overcomes fears, he succeeds as a result.
If a person sees the error of his ways, he wants to do better.
If a person gains information, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
A person commits to a plan in order to be successful.
If a person displays good judgment, he will feel confident.
A person starts taking art classes in order to improve her skills.
A person attended a professional conference in order to be a professional.
If a person performs a service, he is thanked by the customer as a result.
If a person mends things, he will feel accomplished.
A person decides not to get angry in order to avoid conflict.
If a person likes to be served by others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person wins big, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels bad about something, he wants to feel better.
If a person checks out a new club, he wants to go to the club.
If a person studies dancing, he wants to be a dancer.
If a person has a proper life, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a good night's sleep, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person plans the event, he will feel in control.
If a person attends a scientific meeting, he learns about research as a result.
If a person, acting as interpreter, takes a deep breath, he will feel peaceful.
If a person takes matters into his own hands, he will feel determined.
If a person succeeds at something, he will feel confident.
If a person is given the glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person orders a new computer, he will feel pleased.
If a person is looking good today, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts others's congratulations, he feels happy as a result.
If a person begins to sing, he will feel happy.
If a person has an important job, he will feel confident.
If a person has a good idea, he will feel excited.
If a person has hurt her foot, he will feel in pain.
If a person makes plans for the weekend, he wants to have fun.
A person travels to the country in order to see the countryside.
A person consults me in order to be informed.
If a person begins to repent, he wants to be a better person.
If a person lays down on the sofa, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has a very productive day, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to have a look, he will feel interested.
If a person visits a local library, he will feel curious.
If a person sits outside on a spring day, he is comfortable in the sun as a result.
If a person enjoys himself at the theatre, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes a public figure, he is interviewed by the press as a result.
A person invites others to his or her house in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person becomes a popular person, he will feel respected.
If a person quickly relaxes, he will feel happy.
A person studies religious works in order to be more spiritual.
If a person gets a drink from the bar, he will feel refreshed.
If a person reflects on a photograph, he wants to remember the photograph.
A person tries to call others again in order to see PersonY again.
A person writes a letter to his wife in order to let his wife know that he is thinking of her.
If a person is with family, he will feel cared for.
A person reads the will in order to know what is in the will.
If a person is concerned about bills, he wants to be more responsible.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he will feel confident.
A person needs to go home in order to be close to his family.
If a person laughs all the time, he will feel happy.
If a person enters the movie theater, he is entertained as a result.
If a person finds the unexpected, he is shocked as a result.
A person chases an angry cat in order to stop the cat from running away.
A person takes off on a journey in order to explore the world.
If a person regrets his mistake, he wants to fix his mistake.
A person arranges it in order to get it done.
If a person calls a company for information, he is given information as a result.
If a person and others go for a date, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person prepares to open the package in order to find out what is inside.
If a person has no one to confide in, he will feel alone.
If a person has to attend the family reunion, he learns about his family as a result.
If a person likes to go jogging, he will feel fit.
If a person wins at problem solving, he will feel accomplished.
If a person acts on his own behalf, he will feel independent.
A person is the first to apologize in order to make amends.
If a person is firing on all cylinders, he will feel confident.
If a person believes in the values of tolerance, he wants to be a person of peace.
If a person shows a really good score on the practice test, he will feel confident.
If a person and others commit to a relationship, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person has a rough time of it, he is upset as a result.
A person dances in public in order to show her talent.
A person makes it to the beach in order to enjoy the beach.
If a person has a good life, he will feel satisfied.
A person cleans the whole house in order to be tidy.
If a person likes the games he plays, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks of something nice, he will feel content.
If a person doesn’t know what to do, he will feel confused.
If a person observes his surroundings, he will feel curious.
A person raises a question in order to learn more about a subject.
A person called others back in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
A person does some work in order to get some money.
If a person remembers the manners, he will feel polite.
If a person fell for others, he wants to stay with PersonY.
If a person receives a refund, he will feel relieved.
If a person wonders why her husband doesn't love her, he wants to find out why.
If a person finds new work, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to make conversation in order to be social.
If a person listens to people, he becomes a good listener as a result.
If a person leads a bad life, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person had a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person gains someone's trust, he will feel respected.
If a person trains in the morning, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person keeps it under control, he will feel in control.
A person chooses to move away in order to be independent.
If a person has a desire, he wants to fulfill that desire.
If a person returns to his normal routine, he will feel content.
If a person is truthful, he is believed as a result.
If a person's fortunes improve, he will feel hopeful.
If a person buys an automobile, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies a painting, he will feel interested.
If a person has fun on the train, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sings along, he will feel happy.
A person devotes himself to helping the poor in order to be a better person.
A person goes to a temple in order to be in a spiritual place.
If a person makes a false statement, he is accused of lying as a result.
If a person betrays someone's trust, he will feel guilty.
If a person receives a special gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person always knows what to do, he is confident as a result.
If a person finds another job, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to enjoy life, he wants to do fun things.
If a person claims that others is dishonest, he wants to prove PersonY is dishonest.
If a person publishes a very successful book, he will feel happy.
If a person acquires knowledge, he wants to learn more.
If a person overcomes fears, he is confident as a result.
If a person needs something that others knows about, he asks PersonY for help as a result.
If a person gets it off the shelves, he will feel pleased.
If a person doesn’t feel okay, he will feel worried.
If a person looks up its symptoms, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person gets everything, he is pleased as a result.
A person travels to a new location in order to explore.
If a person and others take a nap, he will feel rested.
If a person explains everything, he is seen as good at explaining.
If a person has fun with others's children, he will feel happy.
If a person considers new career paths, he will feel motivated.
If a person discovers a rare error, he wants to fix it.
If a person and others get an apartment together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person asks someone to help with something, he gets help as a result.
A person learns a new technique in order to improve his performance.
If a person manages to change, he has a better attitude as a result.
A person pursues a master’s degree in order to become a better person.
If a person finds a purpose, he will feel happy.
If a person talks to a lot of people, he is seen as friendly.
If a person has strong feelings, he wants to express those feelings.
If a person and others go to an art gallery, he and PersonY enjoy the art as a result.
If a person is not sure of the way to go, he wants to get directions.
If a person serves as a role model, he gains respect as a result.
If a person notices something going on, he wants to do something about it.
If a person enjoys learning, he wants to learn more.
If a person is busy every day, he will feel productive.
If a person learns new languages, he speaks many languages as a result.
If a person finds something yummy, he wants to eat it.
If a person sticks to school work, he will feel motivated.
If a person doesn't know where to start, he will feel lost.
If a person reads book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person is genuinely touched, he will feel happy.
A person decides to go back to school in order to be a good student.
If a person and others enjoy themselves, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is so mad, he wants to yell.
If a person answers with a smile, he will feel content.
A person publishes a text in order to share his thoughts.
A person helps fix his car in order to keep his car in good condition.
If a person tries a new recipe, he likes the new recipe as a result.
If a person prepares a list of questions, he will feel organized.
If a person accuses others of stalling, he wants to get to the point.
If a person learns to drive a stick shift, he will feel competent.
If a person got what he wanted, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks the truth, he is told the truth as a result.
A person washes the car in order to keep the car clean.
If a person has a bad morning, he will feel annoyed.
A person always does homework in order to be good at school.
If a person starts to play the piano, he will feel motivated.
If a person plays sports, he will feel athletic.
A person runs after others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person tackles the problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person complains about the smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person fixes a problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person does a good deed, he will feel pleased.
If a person's life is now shit, he is sad as a result.
If a person looks after himself, he will feel healthy.
A person explains an idea to others in order to show PersonY his idea.
If a person regrets a decision, he wants to change his decision.
If a person is single again, he will feel alone.
If a person is shown 'the way', he wants to do 'the right thing'.
If a person improves skills at chess, he will feel satisfied.
A person practices business negotiations in order to be a good negotiator.
If a person plans a holiday, he will feel happy.
A person puts a few suggestions to the committee in order to help the committee.
If a person takes the reins, he will feel in control.
If a person began to form a plan, he wants to complete the plan.
If a person works out hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person has to apologize, he will feel ashamed.
If a person throws a welcome party, he will feel delighted.
If a person sings his heart out, he will feel joyful.
If a person barters for the best price, he is seen as a shrewd negotiator.
If a person cares about others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person tries to cook dinner in order to be able to cook.
If a person enjoys a good book, he wants to read more.
If a person reads plenty of books, he becomes a voracious reader as a result.
If a person pays attention to the past, he learns from the past as a result.
If a person digs for the truth, he learns the truth as a result.
If a person eats in a fine restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is completely finished, he will feel accomplished.
A person works harder than ever in order to be successful.
If a person buys a blouse, he likes the blouse as a result.
If a person has been drinking, he will feel intoxicated.
A person goes back to the gift in order to be able to use the gift.
If a person completes a homework assignment, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to go away in order to be alone.
If a person thinks about life and concludes that it is good, he will feel peaceful.
A person drinks a lot of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person ends up with the job, he will feel happy.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he is interested in learning as a result.
If a person takes a bad decision, he will feel regretful.
A person starts exercising in order to stay healthy.
If a person plays an MP3, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns to skate, he is good at skating as a result.
If a person tries to learn a new word, he will feel motivated.
If a person works as a volunteer at the school, he will feel helpful.
If a person starts a plan, he will feel determined.
If a person drives to a great location, he will feel confident.
If a person comes to believe in the existence of something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person buys a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person always does the right thing in order to be a good person.
If a person jogs at the lake, he gets fit as a result.
If a person dances with others at the prom, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person lives by a schedule, he will feel disciplined.
If a person is nice to the new recruit, he is liked by the new recruit as a result.
If a person enters hospital, he wants to get better.
If a person has a blowout, he wants to calm down.
A person visits person Y in order to spend time with person Y.
If a person stops to chat with others, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person keeps doing many things, he gets a lot of things done as a result.
A person takes her mother to a concert in order to spend time with her mother.
If a person is given good news, he will feel happy.
If a person knows he's good, he is confident as a result.
If a person meets a person after the latter's illness, he helps the person as a result.
If a person listens to others's requests, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person calls his girlfriend in order to spend time with his girlfriend.
If a person tries to end the suffering, he will feel determined.
If a person questions his behavior, he wants to change his behavior.
A person observes people in order to learn more about people.
If a person had a difficult day, he will feel discouraged.
If a person discovers a new treat, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets past actions, he wants to make amends.
If a person gets the work done on time, he will feel productive.
A person buys a lot of coffee in order to be caffeinated.
If a person decides to do this every year, he will feel delighted.
If a person does not decide immediately, he will feel undecided.
If a person takes dance, he gains skill as a result.
If a person commits a violent crime, he will feel guilty.
If a person tries to understand others, he learns to understand others as a result.
A person logs in to website A in order to see what is happening on website A.
If a person looks into things, he will feel interested.
If a person learns to do it by himself, he will feel competent.
If a person is offended by others's snoring, he wants to get PersonY to stop snoring.
If a person wins the prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a flu, he will feel miserable.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he has a good meal as a result.
If a person is upset that others left the room, he wants to find PersonY.
A person visits the temples in order to be spiritual.
If a person becomes a famous writer, he is appreciated by his readers as a result.
If a person solves a case, he will feel triumphant.
If a person goes to see a musical, he will feel excited.
If a person ends up liking the experience, he wants to do it again.
If a person has achieved a lot, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person respects others's plan, he wants to follow PersonY's plan.
A person sits and listens in order to hear what others have to say.
If a person convinces others to stop gossiping, he will feel successful.
A person rolls up his sleeves in order to get the job done.
A person signs up for therapy in order to talk about her problems.
If a person frees himself from a difficult situation, he feels relieved as a result.
If a person is learning to drive, he wants to be a driver.
A person makes plans to leave in order to start a new life.
A person tries to find evidence in order to be sure.
If a person is having a wonderful time, he will feel joyful.
If a person makes up the bed, he will feel pleased.
If a person enters into a contest, he will feel competitive.
If a person allows himself to be trained, he will feel disciplined.
A person leaves home for training in order to improve her skills.
A person throws a party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person realizes the significance of her mistake, he wants to fix her mistake.
If a person considers others's opinion valuable, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person is a dutiful spouse, he is appreciated by his wife as a result.
A person gives others a lift to the airport in order to help PersonY.
If a person went out to have a drink, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person does not have a happy life, he will feel miserable.
If a person considers others's argument, he wants to think about it.
If a person stays in contact, he is kept informed as a result.
If a person gets better at this, he will feel accomplished.
A person decides to stay at home in order to be with his family.
A person gives a wonderful gift in order to make someone happy.
If a person loses patience with others, he yells at PersonY as a result.
If a person searches for their target, he will feel focused.
A person studies after writing the letter in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person learns to play drums, he is better at drums as a result.
If a person tells others a nice story, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person invites others to go somewhere in order to be with PersonY.
If a person keeps reading others's blog, he will feel curious.
If a person is given a promotion, he is happy as a result.
A person visits personY in the hospital in order to help personY.
A person prepares well in order to do well in school.
If a person takes pride in her home, he has a beautiful home as a result.
If a person is told something unsettling, he becomes upset as a result.
If a person knows how to communicate, he will feel understood.
If a person talks to Elaine, he gets to know Elaine as a result.
If a person has a remarkable comeback, he will feel confident.
A person rushes out of the house in order to get to work.
If a person has a chance to learn, he learns a new skill as a result.
A person heads to the kitchen in order to eat.
If a person learns to be independent, he will feel strong.
If a person discovers a new training technique, he wants to practice the technique.
A person follows a routine in order to be consistent.
If a person has to perform regularly, he will feel pressured.
If a person and others engage in vigorous intercourse, he will feel excited.
If a person knows how to communicate, he wants to talk to other people.
If a person agrees to go on vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person knows he made a mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person notices something going on, he wants to investigate.
If a person gives others a nice ride, he will feel pleased.
If a person spends the rest of his life with others, he will feel content.
If a person finds another passion, he will feel fulfilled.
A person goes to his mother-in-law in order to help his mother-in-law.
If a person takes care of self, he will feel healthy.
If a person is sick of this crap, he gets angry as a result.
If a person takes a big bite of the cake, he will feel happy.
A person organizes a get-together in order to be sociable.
If a person visits a psychic, he receives a psychic reading as a result.
If a person gets a salary raise, he will feel pleased.
A person gives others a letter of recommendation in order to help PersonY.
If a person suffers from cold feet, he wants to keep his feet warm.
If a person is very kind to some people, he is liked by some people as a result.
A person takes care of pets in order to be kind to animals.
If a person obtains data, he will feel successful.
If a person goes out for a vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person asks what the audience wants, he wants to hear the audience's ideas.
If a person talks to him about it, he wants to know what he's thinking.
If a person and others is going to take a trip, he wants to see the sights.
If a person observes how something works, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person finds a good buy, he wants to buy the item.
If a person dances around the fire, he will feel exhilarated.
If a person collects rare objects, he wants to keep them.
A person returns to therapy in order to be better.
If a person is constantly on the go, he is constantly tired as a result.
If a person moves to others's side, he gets to spend more time with PersonY as a result.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he will feel relaxed.
A person visits others's flat in order to meet PersonY.
A person tells his mother something in order to let his mother know what he is doing.
If a person receives some bad news, he will feel upset.
A person does a huge favor for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is the perfect husband, he is praised by his wife as a result.
A person going to move in order to start a new life.
If a person expects that something will happen, he wants to know what will happen.
A person want to go home in order to be with his family.
A person recruits members in order to expand the group.
If a person turns a favorite music on, he will feel entertained.
If a person overcomes obstacles, he will feel strong.
If a person takes the baby to the park, he has fun with the baby as a result.
If a person just goes away, he is not seen for a while as a result.
If a person goes the right way, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds something good on TV, he will feel relaxed.
A person reads through the Bible in order to understand the Bible.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he will feel successful.
A person writes a letter to his spouse in order to let his spouse know how he feels.
If a person's purpose fulfilled, he feels happy as a result.
If a person finishes eating his meal, he is full as a result.
If a person relives the experience, he wants to experience it again.
If a person fears that he will fail, he will feel nervous.
If a person is described as pleasant, he is liked by the interviewers as a result.
If a person participates in a family gathering, he feels included as a result.
If a person organizes for the trip, he will feel competent.
If a person was successful, he is pleased as a result.
If a person and others are together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person starts playing games, he wants to play more games.
If a person remembers an unpleasant thing, he will feel upset.
If a person buys tickets to a movie, he will feel satisfied.
A person begins writing in order to be a writer.
A person needs to move in order to start a new life.
If a person receives a threatening message, he will feel frightened.
If a person becomes fascinated with it, he wants to study it.
A person watches others practice in order to see PersonY' skills.
If a person and others trade information, he and PersonY learn about each other as a result.
If a person has an allergic reaction, he wants to take medicine.
If a person takes up playing chess, he improves his chess skills as a result.
If a person is committed to political or professional goals, he wants to get ahead.
If a person does it with class, he will feel good.
If a person encourages others to keep trying, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person has a successful transaction, he makes a profit as a result.
If a person finds an employment offer, he will feel happy.
If a person notices others's effort, he is impressed by PersonY's effort as a result.
If a person has a feeling of doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person takes care of themselves, he is healthier as a result.
If a person tries to start a business, he wants to have a successful business.
A person has begun to form an idea in order to think about a new idea.
If a person undertakes a new endeavor, he wants to make more money.
A person goes through the woods in order to see what is in the woods.
If a person and others share information, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person finds a person of interest, he gets the information he needs as a result.
If a person has a great time, he will feel happy.
A person gets a checkup in order to know if he is healthy.
If a person invites others to come home, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person puts a plan in motion, he wants to make money.
If a person has just eaten lunch, he will feel full.
If a person tries to find out more about others, he will feel intrigued.
If a person decides to go on a trip, he will feel happy.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he wants to do something about it.
If a person thinks of a clever thing to say, he will feel smart.
A person's child goes to college in order to see his child succeed.
If a person watches a movie on TV, he is entertained as a result.
If a person comes out ahead, he will feel confident.
If a person reads others's bio, he learns about PersonY's background as a result.
A person and others hug and kiss in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is annoyed by the heat, he wants to stay cool.
If a person eats well, he will feel full.
If a person takes a stand, he will feel strong.
If a person practices singing, he wants to be a singer.
If a person takes a night swim, he will feel refreshed.
If a person enrolls in classes, he is learning a new skill as a result.
If a person is now doing research, he will feel challenged.
If a person brings the right change, he will feel happy.
If a person reads this newspaper, he is informed of the event as a result.
A person went to sleep in order to be rested.
If a person talks to his guests, he is seen as polite.
If a person has a loving family, he will feel secure.
A person visits his mother in order to spend time with his mother.
If a person feels for others, he wants to be PersonY's friend.
If a person isn't sure of his direction, he will feel confused.
If a person chooses the perfect birthday gift, he will feel satisfied.
A person sets up the chairs in order to make sure the chairs are ready.
If a person and others enter into an agreement, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person sings along to his iPod, he will feel relaxed.
A person looks it up online in order to know more about the subject.
A person finally confronts others in order to resolve the conflict.
If a person does chores at home, he will feel responsible.
If a person regrets her action, he wants to make amends.
A person makes a strong effort in order to succeed.
If a person invites others into her home, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person's worried, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person is sick of his job, he wants to quit.
If a person takes a personality test, he learns more about himself as a result.
If a person completes a long task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person turns the tables, he will feel pleased.
A person tries a new technique in order to improve his work.
A person signs up for a course in order to improve his skills.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel hopeful.
If a person knows how to heal, he heals the sick as a result.
If a person got what he wanted, he will feel relieved.
If a person visits the feed store, he buys some feed as a result.
If a person is finally doing what others wanted, he will feel accomplished.
If a person notices a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person has a vacation from work, he will feel relaxed.
If a person eats well for a day, he will feel full.
If a person follows the news, he will feel informed.
If a person plays X-Box, he will feel entertained.
A person takes a chance in order to do something different.
If a person makes progress toward a goal, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to study the data, he wants to figure out what the data means.
A person tries to tell others in order to be honest.
A person acquires a degree in ecology in order to learn more about the environment.
If a person is full of plans, he will feel hopeful.
If a person digs into his steak, he will feel full.
If a person prepares for the play, he will feel determined.
If a person gets his car fixed, he will feel relieved.
If a person finds the perfect gift for her mother, he will feel joyful.
If a person accepts others's congratulations, he will feel happy.
If a person readies for the big fight, he will feel confident.
If a person goes on holiday to the mountains, he will feel content.
If a person is opposed to others's policy, he wants to change PersonY's policy.
If a person spends hours on the project, he will feel productive.
If a person overhears an argument, he wants to know what the argument is about.
If a person gets engaged, he will feel happy.
A person stops it immediately in order to prevent the problem.
If a person and others play in the yard, he and PersonY play well together as a result.
If a person believes that others is plotting, he wants to stop PersonY from plotting.
If a person investigates his own emotions, he becomes more emotionally aware as a result.
If a person starts working on a plan, he wants to finish the plan.
A person calls others in the evening in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person finishes a report, he will feel accomplished.
A person writes home in order to be in touch with his family.
If a person prepares some plan, he will feel determined.
If a person receives encouragement, he will feel inspired.
If a person gets to the theatre, he sees a play as a result.
A person does a show in order to entertain people.
A person studies three times per week in order to be a good student.
If a person enjoys a day in the sunshine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person joins a writers’ group, he will feel comfortable.
If a person attends a boxing match, he will feel entertained.
If a person feels like something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person is at a crossroads, he wants to make a decision.
If a person counts his many blessings, he will feel happy.
If a person views the movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person grew up with others, he is close to PersonY as a result.
A person and others have a private conversation in order to be alone with PersonY.
If a person sings along to his iPod, he will feel excited.
If a person takes an English class, he improves his English as a result.
A person attempts to reason with others in order to make PersonY see reason.
If a person enjoys a lovely walk, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person is going to pick up some money, he will feel confident.
If a person gets the sense that something is wrong, he will feel alarmed.
If a person learns about patience, he gets better at waiting as a result.
If a person has a scare, he will feel upset.
If a person and others decide to go to a movie, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person decides to go to work in order to make money.
A person picks up a phone in order to talk to someone.
If a person looks into the box, he will feel curious.
If a person struggles with drugs, he wants to stop using drugs.
If a person reads good books, he will feel motivated.
If a person shows off his stuff, he will feel proud.
If a person takes steps to prosecute, he will feel determined.
A person created the business himself in order to be independent.
A person talks to others about the job in order to find out more about the job.
If a person complains about the cold, he wants to get warm.
If a person is tired of the old routine, he wants to do something new.
If a person relies on others for advice, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
If a person starts to do a good job, he is seen as reliable.
A person and others engage in a conversation in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person takes an interesting walk, he has a good time as a result.
If a person wears a new coat, he will feel warm.
If a person knows something is wrong, he has a bad feeling as a result.
If a person discusses the problem, he will feel informed.
If a person takes a personal day off from work, he will feel free.
A person goes back to the bed in order to sleep.
A person is in the process of writing a book in order to be a writer.
If a person makes a good deal, he will feel satisfied.
A person follows the proper procedure in order to do the right thing.
If a person defeats her rival, he will feel triumphant.
If a person can tell there is a problem, he wants to know what is wrong.
A person performs a love song in order to express his love for a woman.
If a person treats friends well, he is liked by friends as a result.
A person starts running every day in order to get in shape.
If a person likes to take showers, he will feel refreshed.
A person talks about the baby with others in order to tell PersonY about the baby.
If a person makes the most of it, he will feel excited.
If a person plays a good hand of poker, he will feel pleased.
If a person has had a real adventure, he will feel refreshed.
If a person spends time at the library, he wants to study.
If a person gets her man, he will feel triumphant.
If a person works on multiple projects, he will feel busy.
If a person helps someone in the family, he will feel good.
If a person prays in church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is nursed back to health, he will feel cared for.
A person prepares a long-term plan in order to be ready for the future.
A person fills the bird feeder in order to provide food for the birds.
If a person searches for something to eat, he finds a place to eat as a result.
If a person thinks about others's prediction, he is concerned about PersonY's prediction as a result.
If a person has a nice car, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a gala opening, he will feel pleased.
If a person plans to go out, he will feel excited.
If a person takes up ice hockey, he gains skill as a result.
If a person begins to question his sanity, he wants to be sure he's not crazy.
If a person pays attention to a class, he will feel motivated.
A person wishes to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person lets go of resentment, he will feel free.
A person goes on the quest in order to complete the quest.
A person stops at the pharmacy in order to buy medicine.
If a person is a successful lawyer, he will feel confident.
If a person and others admire the artwork, he will feel happy.
If a person has a violent argument with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person learns a new dance, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks for others's help, he will feel supported.
If a person knows someone who is in the hospital, he will feel worried.
If a person plans an interview, he wants to do well on the interview.
If a person performs a random act of kindness, he will feel happy.
If a person's father becomes ill, he is concerned as a result.
A person treats others to a dinner in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person observes the meeting, he will feel attentive.
If a person is a success, he will feel happy.
If a person seizes the perfect moment, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes another look, he will feel curious.
If a person studies the dossier, he will feel curious.
If a person regrets some past action, he wants to avoid the same mistakes.
A person is gentle with others in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person turns the tables, he will feel powerful.
If a person asks for some help, he gets some help as a result.
If a person struggles with problems, he will feel frustrated.
If a person has some laughs, he will feel happy.
If a person finds his place, he feels at home as a result.
A person begins to look back in order to understand his past.
If a person misses her class, he wants to take the class again.
A person puts out a hand in order to help someone.
If a person hesitates for a while, he will feel indecisive.
If a person has a chance to play music, he will feel happy.
A person looks for a husband in order to have a family.
If a person is diligent at work, unlike others, he will feel productive.
If a person reads the instructions, he wants to know how to use the product.
If a person scores a victory, he is happy as a result.
A person treats others to a meal in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person has a problem at work, he will feel upset.
If a person improves himself, he wants to be a better person.
If a person has been taken care of, he will feel relieved.
If a person leads the charge, he will feel determined.
If a person gets better at soccer, he will feel pleased.
If a person discovers others knows something about others, he wants to find out what PersonY knows.
A person decides to take time off in order to relax.
If a person and others like one another, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person is worried about her mother, he wants to make her mother feel better.
If a person thinks about how nice it is, he will feel pleased.
A person walks around the room in order to explore the room.
If a person realizes others's problems, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person solves the murder, he will feel satisfied.
If a person chooses the right item, he will feel smart.
If a person enjoys being part of the group, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds a new love, he will feel content.
If a person laughs with friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a reliable worker, he will feel confident.
If a person goes to see a musical, he will feel happy.
If a person pauses for a moment, he will feel reflective.
If a person is worried about her mother, he wants to see her mother.
A person starts writing a novel in order to express her creativity.
If a person is frustrated with how they are feeling, he wants to stop feeling that way.
If a person assumes control, he will feel confident.
If a person fears that she has hurt others, he wants to make sure that PersonY is okay.
If a person breaks out in song, he will feel joyous.
If a person wins the top prize, he will feel happy.
If a person explores a new idea, he will feel creative.
If a person buys a rug, he is pleased with the rug as a result.
If a person goes into rehab, he wants to get clean.
If a person suffers a personal loss, he is upset as a result.
A person introduces a routine in order to be organized.
If a person knows how to be nice, he is a nice person as a result.
If a person wins at golf, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is a good team member, he will feel happy.
If a person gets others a very special birthday present, he will feel delighted.
If a person has a brief respite, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others go to a nightclub, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
If a person finds a way to solve a problem, he will feel creative.
If a person outdoes himself, he will feel happy.
If a person works on an assignment, he wants to finish the assignment.
If a person thinks about the real incident, he wants to know what really happened.
If a person takes a nice walk, he feels good as a result.
If a person seems to have succeeded, he will feel pleased.
A person visits his neighborhood in order to get to know his neighbors.
If a person is taken care of, he will feel happy.
If a person wishes to stay out of trouble, he wants to be a good kid.
If a person becomes successful, he will feel elated.
If a person becomes accustomed to a job, he will feel productive.
If a person begins to doubt others's motives, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person tests it in order to see if it works.
A person asks her mother in order to be able to talk to her mother.
If a person regrets losing others, he wants to win PersonY back.
A person prepares a formal report in order to present a good report.
If a person eats her meal, he is full as a result.
If a person indulges in comfort food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a new music player, he will feel happy.
A person exchanges words with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person begins working in order to make money.
A person learns new words in order to improve his vocabulary.
If a person works out at a gym, he will feel relaxed.
If a person struggles with everyday tasks, he will feel overwhelmed.
A person works hard at the bakery in order to be successful.
If a person does something much better, he will feel pleased.
If a person readies for a vacation, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person works it out, he will feel happy.
If a person learns from his mistakes, he wants to make better choices.
If a person starts to date again, he has a new girlfriend as a result.
If a person is out of shape, he will feel tired.
If a person is puzzled by the way others acts, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person states a question, he wants to get an answer.
If a person is a strong leader, he will feel confident.
If a person listens to the coach, he will feel obedient.
If a person thinks about others’s situation, he is concerned about PersonY as a result.
If a person listens to the command, he will feel obedient.
If a person is doing an art project, he will feel creative.
If a person begins to meditate, he will feel calm.
If a person looks up data, he learns more about the topic as a result.
If a person stays cool, he will feel confident.
If a person is greatly troubled, he becomes depressed as a result.
If a person learns new languages, he is fluent in several languages as a result.
If a person asks a series of questions, he wants to learn.
A person works out in the backyard in order to be fit.
If a person has a crash landing, he is injured as a result.
If a person visits a circus, he is entertained as a result.
If a person shows growth in working toward a goal, he will feel confident.
A person went to a doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person drinks the rest of the beer, he will feel drunk.
If a person wants to show thanks to others, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks a series of questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person has no answer to a question, he will feel puzzled.
If a person enjoys his time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to take a shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person left her place in order to be independent.
If a person became thoughtful, he wants to think more.
If a person meets a new neighbor, he gets to know the neighbor as a result.
If a person polishes his car, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to do better, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes powerful, he will feel in control.
If a person participates in the party, he has fun as a result.
A person decides to study for his class in order to do well in his class.
A person asks for a bottle of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to figure out what is wrong.
If a person enjoys every day, he will feel content.
A person gives a party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person decides to do the right thing, he will feel happy.
If a person shows growth in working toward a goal, he wants to work harder.
If a person comes up to others's expectations, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person pays it forward, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to stay safe, he avoids injury as a result.
If a person volunteers to do the job, he will feel useful.
If a person convinces others to stop gossiping, he will feel victorious.
If a person and others play video games, he will feel entertained.
If a person advertises his business, he wants to sell more products.
If a person does one thing at a time, he gets things done as a result.
If a person fills 's needs, he will feel happy.
If a person gets his salary doubled, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets some exercise, he gets fit as a result.
If a person always looks on the bright side, he will feel happy.
If a person begins therapy, he gets better as a result.
If a person hands in a resume, he wants to get a job.
If a person overcomes difficulties, he is successful as a result.
If a person chooses to wear clothing, he is dressed nicely as a result.
If a person dressed up for a wedding, he will feel elegant.
If a person and others gets into a car accident, he and PersonY are hurt as a result.
If a person bangs the drum, he makes a lot of noise as a result.
If a person's response is favorable, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good vacation, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person has a good time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person watches the comedy show, he will feel amused.
If a person works on DIY project, he will feel creative.
If a person is urged to cheer up, he wants to be happy.
If a person's paperwork is not in order, he wants to fix his paperwork.
If a person lives in a nice house, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is bothered by broken equipment, he wants to fix the equipment.
If a person watches a cool movie, he will feel amazed.
A person buys something for the party in order to make the party special.
If a person likes to practice karate, he gets better at karate as a result.
If a person pays attention to the past, he has a good memory as a result.
A person practices a new skill in order to be better at something.
If a person imagines himself being killed, he will feel frightened.
If a person makes a point of cleanliness, he will feel motivated.
If a person watches her favorite TV show, he will feel amused.
If a person is dissatisfied with job, he wants to quit.
If a person converses with a group, he will feel connected.
If a person finds a nice present, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to plan, he will feel excited.
A person decides to go on another way in order to have a different way of thinking.
If a person sees the error of his ways, he will feel contrite.
If a person returns to his normal routine, he will feel relieved.
If a person has committed a mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person realizes what he's done, he is remorseful as a result.
If a person is in control of the situation, he will feel confident.
If a person opens a medical manual, he will feel curious.
If a person has everything that he wants, he will feel content.
If a person seems uncomfortable, he will feel anxious.
A person washes the shirt in order to keep the shirt clean.
A person starts their own business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person finally lives his dream, he will feel happy.
If a person studies everything, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has a very enjoyable time, he will feel content.
If a person learns of a mysterious event, he will feel curious.
If a person continues searching, he will feel determined.
If a person discovers an answer, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to study hard in order to be successful.
If a person rushes to the library, he wants to read more.
If a person gets involved in a business, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person picks up the trail, he wants to find the answer.
A person reads the letter in order to know what the letter says.
A person plans to see the doctor in order to get better.
If a person glides down the street, he will feel confident.
If a person drinks a beer for the first time, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person starts watching something, he is entertained as a result.
If a person decides to take a day off, he will feel free.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he is angry as a result.
If a person seems to have been drinking, he will feel inebriated.
A person reads good books in order to be a good reader.
A person makes a visit to see others in order to be with PersonY.
A person hangs around others in order to be friends with PersonY.
A person asks to meet others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person makes a good living, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries his hand at a new hobby, he will feel challenged.
If a person enforces rules, he will feel firm.
A person asks for advice about others in order to understand PersonY better.
A person interviews someone in order to find out more about someone.
A person tries to get out of others's house in order to be independent.
If a person thinks of possible solutions, he solves the problem as a result.
A person thinks of going to therapy in order to talk about her feelings.
If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person finds something new, he is happy as a result.
If a person enacts plans, he will feel determined.
If a person has gotten up early in the morning, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets himself a bath, he will feel refreshed.
If a person meets others at the station, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person looks in an encyclopedia, he will feel interested.
A person gives his sister a present in order to show his sister that he cares.
If a person suffers through a hard day, he will feel frustrated.
A person went to school in order to be successful.
If a person promises to return the favour, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies how to play chess, he will feel focused.
A person changes perspective in order to see the world from a different perspective.
If a person goes to a temple, he feels a sense of peace as a result.
If a person is sore, he will feel unhappy.
If a person purchases a bike, he enjoys cycling as a result.
A person is going to the beach in order to relax.
A person considers others's viewpoint in order to understand PersonY.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he will feel proud.
A person buys a guitar in order to be able to play the guitar.
If a person is upset by the facts, he wants to feel better.
If a person learns how to operate a computer, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person helps to feed the children in order to help the children.
If a person gets all the rest she wants, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to do more in order to help others.
If a person tastes others's cooking, he is impressed by PersonY's cooking as a result.
If a person joins a party, he will feel excited.
If a person listens to old stories, he remembers stories as a result.
If a person writes home to parents, he wants to be with his family.
If a person has a rest, he will feel refreshed.
A person studies the English language in order to improve his English.
If a person does a job well, he will feel pleased.
If a person writes a thank-you note, he will feel happy.
If a person has no idea what to do, he will feel confused.
A person reads lots of books in order to learn more.
If a person thinks something is missing, he wants to find something.
A person takes others on a journey in order to help PersonY.
If a person watches some cool shows, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes the medication, he gets better as a result.
If a person doesn’t know what will happen, he will feel uncertain.
If a person regrets some action, he wants to change his mind.
If a person does not let the murderer go, he will feel determined.
If a person takes care of others and the baby, he gets to know PersonY and the baby as a result.
If a person realizes her dream, he will feel happy.
If a person applies for the job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person buys a larger place, he is happy as a result.
A person tests the temperature in order to be sure the temperature is correct.
If a person lives in a cool apartment, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others decide to go to the beach, he and PersonY have fun at the beach as a result.
A person tries to keep his cool in order to avoid conflict.
A person organizes a revival meeting in order to reach out to his community.
If a person cites his sources, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person exercises more than five times a week, he is fit as a result.
A person gets in touch with their family in order to be part of their family.
If a person makes money, he will feel successful.
If a person decides to buy an engagement ring, he will feel happy.
If a person gets information, he wants to use the information.
A person drives to a bookstore in order to buy a book.
If a person runs out of options, he will feel desperate.
If a person approaches the old man, he wants to talk to the old man.
If a person worries about the kids, he wants to help the kids.
If a person is doing well in their job, he will feel confident.
A person decides to leave her husband in order to be independent.
If a person reads an article on others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person can handle things for himself, he becomes more independent as a result.
If a person is opposed to it, he wants to stop it.
If a person develops a social life, he will feel happy.
If a person is about to beat others, he will feel confident.
If a person signs up for an evening class, he will feel excited.
If a person will leave for holidays soon, he wants to be with his family.
If a person and others have a spat, he will feel irritated.
If a person signs up for a karate class, he learns to defend himself as a result.
If a person wonders about the consequences, he wants to see what happens.
If a person wins a wrestling tournament, he will feel confident.
If a person finally gets some rest, he will feel refreshed.
A person listens to the wolf in order to hear the wolf's voice.
A person makes an honest attempt in order to succeed.
A person practices his english in order to be better at speaking.
A person travels through town in order to explore the town.
A person decodes a message in order to find out what the message means.
If a person does a nice thing for others, he will feel good.
If a person really appreciates others, he will feel content.
If a person spends a couple of hours at work, he will feel productive.
If a person plans for the next day, he will feel organized.
If a person buys food for dinner, he has a nice meal as a result.
If a person regrets putting up with others, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person takes over the work, he will feel capable.
If a person enjoys some good food, he wants to eat some more.
If a person begins to shiver, he wants to be warm.
If a person starts noticing others's secret, he wants to find out what PersonY is hiding.
If a person isn't certain about it, he will feel confused.
If a person hurries to catch a train, he wants to get there on time.
If a person complains to his boss, he will feel angry.
A person and others are both working in order to be productive and PersonY wants to be productive.
A person wants to return home in order to be reunited with his family.
A person asks a question of others in order to know the answer.
If a person presents some arguments, he is seen as convincing.
If a person works on his hobby, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is in command, he will feel strong.
If a person finally gets married, he will feel happy.
If a person mentions a problem to others, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
A person keeps a record of his exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person becomes a successful lawyer, he earns a lot of money as a result.
A person was always polite in order to be a good person.
If a person cannot stand alone, he needs help as a result.
If a person picks up a strange book, he reads the book as a result.
A person defends others’s virtue in order to be loyal to PersonY.
If a person realizes he is right, he will feel satisfied.
If a person prays about it, he wants to know the answer.
A person kept on eye on the activity in order to know what is going on.
If a person is frustrated with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person identifies a problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person checks out the movie, he will feel interested.
If a person and others go to a concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person creates a piece of art, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns much, he will feel informed.
If a person reads the New York Times, he learns about the news as a result.
A person takes part in an exercise class in order to keep fit.
A person does well in school in order to be a good student.
If a person comes across a book, he reads the book as a result.
If a person is busy at the moment, he will feel stressed.
If a person has a good heart, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person finally goes on a trip, he will feel content.
A person practices tennis in order to be a good tennis player.
If a person writes about his world, he will feel creative.
If a person hugs others warmly, he feels closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person signs up for something, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person takes in a concert in order to be part of a cultural event.
If a person has been taught a new technique, he has improved his skills as a result.
A person tries to stand up in order to be independent.
If a person is tired of fighting, he wants to give up.
If a person convinces others to be happy, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discovers hidden passion, he wants to explore his hidden passion.
If a person abuses drug, he becomes addicted as a result.
If a person performs a well-rehearsed speech, he will feel confident.
A person continues her journey in order to explore the world.
A person turns off the burner in order to prevent the burner from burning.
A person takes care of his grandparents in order to be there for his grandparents.
If a person takes over the class, he will feel confident.
If a person is afraid of getting sick, he will feel nervous.
A person encourages others's energy in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person keeps wishing that the waiting would be over, he will feel anxious.
If a person discovers a new way, he wants to use this new way.
A person welcomes others into his home in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person falls in the ice, he is injured as a result.
A person tries hard to contact others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person cleans his hands in order to feel clean.
If a person takes on a new challenge, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys a soak in the tub, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is learning the ropes, he will feel competent.
If a person tinkers with the plumbing, he wants to fix the plumbing.
A person decides to get help in order to be better.
If a person uses his shopping time effectively, he will feel successful.
If a person has an excellent day, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys a day in the park, he gets some exercise as a result.
If a person makes a rational decision, he will feel smart.
If a person tries new stuff, he is more adventurous as a result.
If a person organizes a project, he will feel in control.
If a person visits a dance club, he will feel fun.
If a person is rewarded for building a church, he feels happy as a result.
A person takes her sister to school in order to be there for her sister.
If a person and others are reconciled, he will feel content.
If a person hangs the laundry on the line, he gets his clothes clean as a result.
If a person dressed up for a party, he will feel happy.
A person invites personY to lunch in order to spend time with personY.
If a person glides down the street, he will feel in control.
If a person goes in for a physical, he wants to be healthy.
If a person gets to the finish line, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stands before a group, he wants to talk.
If a person spends time together, he will feel close.
A person organizes the events of the day in order to make sure that everything is done.
If a person gets a good workout, he feels good as a result.
A person cleans his house in order to be neat.
If a person accuses others of stealing his car, he wants to have his car back.
If a person takes part in a rehearsal, he wants to perform.
If a person becomes the man of the house, he will feel confident.
If a person promises to do it, he will feel confident.
A person visits the grave of her mother in order to honor her mother.
If a person focuses on the drawing, he will feel in the zone.
If a person had a good weekend, he will feel refreshed.
If a person challenges himself, he wants to get better.
If a person realizes that others is ill, he is worried about PersonY as a result.
If a person is even-tempered, he will feel relaxed.
If a person eats with the whole family, he will feel included.
If a person prepares an interesting meal, he will feel creative.
If a person regrets an act, he wants to do something different.
If a person prepares a nice surprise, he will feel excited.
If a person takes the throne, he will feel in control.
If a person becomes more interested in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person gives great service in order to make sure that his customers are happy.
A person fills up the glass in order to make sure the glass is full.
If a person reads a newspaper, he learns about the news as a result.
If a person finds a book to learn from, he will feel motivated.
If a person hears about the subject, he will feel curious.
A person starts up a cultural club in order to learn about other cultures.
A person has a polite conversation with others in order to have a pleasant conversation.
If a person and others go to an art gallery, he will feel entertained.
If a person is working on her novel, he will feel motivated.
If a person attends church service, he will feel content.
If a person has trouble with something, he wants to do something about it.
If a person visits their neighbor, he learns about the neighbor as a result.
If a person marries his wife, he is happy as a result.
If a person convinces others to get a cat, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts to collect facts in order to learn about the world.
A person cleans the apartment in order to be tidy.
If a person spots a rare orchid, he wants to see it.
If a person sits down and relaxes, he feels better as a result.
If a person sets a good example, he will feel proud.
If a person stands up and does a little dance, he will feel excited.
If a person walks a lot, he gets a lot of exercise as a result.
If a person gives a public speech, he is seen as articulate.
If a person needs to act at once, he will feel in a hurry.
If a person starts to dance, he will feel relaxed.
If a person reads a story, he will feel interested.
If a person finally comes to terms with everything, he will feel relieved.
If a person takes the bold step, he wants to do something new.
If a person thinks about school, he wants to study.
If a person brings others to justice, he will feel victorious.
If a person sets out for a journey, he will feel inspired.
If a person plays games on the phone, he will feel amused.
If a person knows when to take revenge, he will feel powerful.
If a person wants to be a good host, he wants to make sure everyone has a good time.
If a person investigates a school shooting, he wants to solve the case.
If a person finds out something has gone wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person is alone at the present time, he is lonely as a result.
If a person enjoys a trip to the shore, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets tickets to a Broadway show, he has a good time as a result.
If a person gets the good news, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets beaten up by the police, he will feel hurt.
A person decides to confront the reality in order to be honest with himself.
If a person gets a full night's sleep, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person finds a job in town, he is happy as a result.
If a person fends off an assailant, he will feel in control.
If a person mends her ways, he is a better person as a result.
If a person informs others of good news, he will feel pleased.
A person and others solve the problem together in order to solve the problem and PersonY wants to help.
A person goes to others's office in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person manages to achieve it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person listens to the other side, he will feel curious.
If a person agrees to go home, he will feel happy.
If a person stands up for her rights, he will feel confident.
If a person takes up table tennis, he gets good at table tennis as a result.
If a person prepares a script, he will feel focused.
If a person dances in the streets, he will feel joyous.
If a person suddenly changes her attitude, he becomes a nicer person as a result.
If a person has always had problems with her anger, he wants to control her anger.
A person writes others letters in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person complains about it, he will feel frustrated.
If a person has a great deal of affection for others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person considers something strange, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person finds others to be repulsive, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person studies nature, he is interested in science as a result.
If a person is terribly upset, he wants to cry.
A person moves to the beat in order to be in sync with the music.
A person is out and about in order to explore the city.
If a person meets a good friend, he wants to hang out with this friend.
If a person starts working out, he wants to be fit.
If a person calls her parents for help, he is supported by her parents as a result.
If a person organizes a good party, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to be a musician, he is a better musician as a result.
If a person begs for others's help, he wants to get better.
If a person reads scripture, he wants to study the Bible.
If a person has a very good relationship with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others embrace each other, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person determines to have fun, he has a good time as a result.
A person goes to pick up children in order to spend time with his children.
If a person has a frustrating day, he will feel angry.
A person develops others's business plan in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes care of his things, he is organized as a result.
If a person senses danger, he wants to be safe.
A person invites others to join in on an activity in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he and PersonY have a great time as a result.
If a person has a loving relationship with others, he will feel happy.
If a person has a pep talk, he will feel encouraged.
A person starts his own business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person cracks his head, he will feel a little bit of pain.
A person creates a long-term plan in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person can handle himself, he will feel confident.
If a person tells the judge his reasons, he is seen as persuasive.
A person practices swinging in order to get better at swinging.
If a person gives a speech in front of peers, he is seen as articulate.
If a person plays the album, he will feel entertained.
If a person puts his head on the pillow, he will feel peaceful.
A person organizes a gathering of friends in order to spend time with friends.
A person starts to investigate in order to find out the truth.
A person catches up with a friend in order to be able to spend time with a friend.
If a person undergoes training, he wants to get better.
A person buys the book in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person finds another opportunity, he wants to take the opportunity.
If a person sings with his guitar, he will feel happy.
A person takes a moment to chat in order to connect with someone.
If a person gets ideas, he wants to do more things.
If a person has a wonderful life, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he will feel upset.
If a person intends to be loyal, he keeps his word as a result.
A person studies hard for exams in order to get good grades.
If a person has a long bath, he will feel relaxed.
A person pauses to argue against metaphysics in order to show that metaphysics is false.
If a person’s marriage was breaking up, he will feel sad.
A person attempts to punch others in order to show PersonY that he is angry.
A person took on a job in order to earn money.
If a person raises an interesting question, he will feel intelligent.
If a person recognizes a problem, he decides to take action as a result.
If a person is the president of the company, he will feel powerful.
A person escapes from the scene in order to be away from the crowd.
A person trains at the gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person is really cold, he wants to be warm.
A person finds a good husband in order to have a good marriage.
If a person fends off a competitor, he will feel victorious.
If a person eats and drinks well, he will feel healthy.
If a person and others visit a shrine, he and PersonY have a religious experience as a result.
A person signs up for college classes in order to improve his skills.
If a person succeeds in bringing people together, he will feel satisfied.
If a person considers doing something unwise, he decides not to do it as a result.
If a person appears as a hero to save person Y, he is praised by person Y as a result.
A person goes to others's place in order to meet PersonY.
If a person reunites with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person builds a fire, he will feel warm.
A person goes away with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has lost it, he will feel hopeless.
If a person takes on more work, he earns more money as a result.
If a person has a clear idea, he will feel confident.
If a person sews a beautiful dress, he will feel happy.
A person agrees to take others to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person tries to sneak up on others in order to surprise PersonY.
If a person gets a bad experience, he will feel frustrated.
A person brings others to his house in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person organizes her desk, he will feel neat.
If a person finds something important, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a love letter, he will feel loved.
If a person gets a medical diagnosis, he is told to take medication as a result.
A person pulls others aside in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has a friendly chat, he wants to talk to people.
If a person flips through a book, he will feel entertained.
If a person is successful in his business, he will feel happy.
If a person sits down to relax, he feels better as a result.
If a person starts asking questions, he will feel interested.
If a person falls in a hole, he wants to get out of the hole.
If a person enjoys a long walk, he will feel energized.
A person prepares to go to school in order to learn something new.
If a person hires a gun for protection, he will feel secure.
If a person sees a bit of good news, he will feel optimistic.
If a person gets a good tan, he will feel pleased.
A person continues to study in order to be a good student.
If a person tends to some work, he is seen as diligent.
A person practices his photography in order to improve his skills.
A person sends a signal in order to get the message across.
If a person completes a successful robbery, he will feel triumphant.
If a person makes arrangements for an activity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person agrees to study, he will feel eager.
A person reads a book on astronomy in order to learn more about the universe.
A person applied for a job in order to be successful.
If a person becomes alarmed, he wants to know what's going on.
A person and others walk the dog in order to exercise and PersonY wants to take care of the dog.
A person starts singing a song for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person haggles over a price, he wants to get a better deal.
If a person puts in a lot of time, he is seen as responsible.
If a person plans ahead, he is a good planner as a result.
If a person makes a stupid decision, he regrets it as a result.
If a person and others have a deep understanding, he and PersonY have a strong relationship as a result.
If a person redecorates the bedroom, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been collecting information, he wants to know more.
If a person is passionate about something, he wants to do more of that thing.
If a person gives others a little gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a successful painter, he will feel accomplished.
A person gives it his all in order to be the best.
If a person closes deal, he will feel accomplished.
If a person beats the opponent, he will feel proud.
If a person stands with others, he will feel included.
If a person is getting stressed out, he will feel irritated.
If a person thinks it is a challenge, he wants to prove himself.
A person rubs elbows with high society in order to be part of the elite.
If a person get shot, he will feel in pain.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he will feel calm.
If a person is on the job, he will feel focused.
If a person opens up a little more, he is able to confide in others as a result.
If a person brings back water from the well, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets the work done, he will feel competent.
If a person watches his favorite TV show, he will feel happy.
A person says something reassuring in order to make sure that someone is okay.
If a person gets a better doctor, he is healthier as a result.
If a person believes in the value of education, he wants to get a good education.
A person met up with others again in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person imagines the possibilities, he will feel optimistic.
If a person knows how to defend itself, he will feel strong.
If a person backs up his claim, he will feel confident.
If a person gets up for work, he will feel motivated.
A person pays attention to what others is saying in order to understand what PersonY is saying.
If a person drinks too much beer, he will feel tipsy.
If a person does not like the result, he wants to do something about it.
If a person listens to song on the car radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person makes real friends, he will feel good.
If a person tries to reach out to others, he is more outgoing as a result.
If a person makes a vow to God, he will feel serious.
If a person has a bad morning, he will feel sad.
If a person sets an example for others, he gains respect as a result.
If a person creates a new life for herself, he will feel content.
If a person has a holiday, he will feel relaxed.
If a person drinks some alcohol, he will feel drunk.
If a person eats a hearty meal, he will feel full.
If a person is looking up a word in the dictionary, he wants to know the meaning of the word.
If a person regrets it later, he wants to apologize.
If a person turns the tables, he will feel superior.
A person continues to work in order to be productive.
If a person is aggravated, he wants to calm down.
If a person returns to her family, he will feel comforted.
If a person is being threatened, he will feel scared.
If a person was given some good advice, he wants to listen to that advice.
If a person can be a leader, he will feel confident.
If a person and others have a deal, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets the good news, he will feel happy.
If a person inquires, he will feel intrigued.
If a person reaches others's bedside, he comforts PersonY as a result.
If a person suspects that something is the matter, he is worried as a result.
A person trains the dog in order to make the dog better.
A person completes a training course in order to improve his skills.
If a person plays a lot of tricks, he will feel playful.
If a person spends the weekend in solitude, he will feel lonely.
If a person gets a record contract, he is happy as a result.
If a person has real problems, he wants to get help.
If a person finds a seat in the bus, he will feel comfortable.
A person researches at the library in order to learn more about her subject.
If a person and others make a date, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person makes the best of things, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a very good life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person has a fist fight, he will feel angry.
If a person learns self-defense, he will feel confident.
If a person looks for a way to help others, he is able to help PersonY as a result.
A person tries to charm others in order to get PersonY to like him.
If a person decides to walk around, he gets exercise as a result.
A person convinces others to come with him in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person convinces others to do it, he will feel pleased.
If a person boasts about his smarts, he will feel superior.
If a person finds a new object, he is interested in that object as a result.
If a person finally decides to quit smoking, he will feel relieved.
If a person is under siege, he will feel stressed.
If a person seeks assistance, he receives help as a result.
If a person thinks about the consequences, he will feel worried.
If a person wears a suit, he looks professional as a result.
If a person learns lots of things, he is knowledgeable as a result.
If a person goes to get others's phone number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person finds a new husband, he is happy as a result.
If a person pays a social call, he wants to see his friends.
If a person relies on others's loyalty, he will feel supported.
If a person raises a concern, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person starts to like school, he wants to stay in school.
If a person gets what he wants, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to figure out the future in order to be prepared for the future.
A person ran for office in order to be a leader.
If a person begins to follow a diet, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes a victim of violence, he is injured as a result.
If a person enjoys the view, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is the best I know, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person reads book, he learns something as a result.
A person leaves home for good in order to be independent.
If a person gets cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person works on getting to know others, he wants to be more friendly.
If a person fears that others may die, he wants to do something to help PersonY.
If a person arrives at the university, he wants to study.
If a person and others go scuba diving, he and PersonY enjoy the dive as a result.
If a person has a romantic rendezvous, he has a great time as a result.
A person argues his point in order to be heard.
If a person completes the first section, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gives others an instruction, he wants PersonY to follow the instruction.
If a person helps organize a celebration, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes time to exercise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes over the yard work, he will feel motivated.
A person takes on an apprentice in order to train someone.
If a person wears a jacket and pants, he will feel warm.
A person promises to do homework in order to get good grades.
A person asks for medical advice in order to get better.
If a person completes a business trip, he will feel accomplished.
If a person knows that one should be responsible, he is responsible as a result.
If a person considers the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person makes time in order to make time for herself.
If a person keeps on going, he will feel determined.
If a person behaves like a gentleman, he will feel respected.
A person performs public service in order to be a better person.
If a person outplays others at chess, he will feel triumphant.
If a person subscribes to the idea, he will feel content.
If a person drives out of control, he crashes his car as a result.
If a person suddenly takes interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person participates in family traditions in order to be a part of the family.
If a person’s world falls apart, he will feel devastated.
If a person has won, he will feel happy.
If a person falls into a pit, he gets injured as a result.
If a person picks up someone who is hurt, he wants to help the person.
If a person is confused on others's giving, he wants to know why PersonY is giving.
A person tries out for soccer in order to be a good soccer player.
A person tests the engine in order to make sure the engine is working properly.
If a person visits new places, he learns new things as a result.
If a person dances to a tune, he will feel joyful.
If a person becomes concerned, he wants to find out what is going on.
A person fills in a form in order to complete a task.
If a person remembers to take a break, he is rested as a result.
If a person tracks others's movements, he learns about PersonY's habits as a result.
If a person gets his facts straight, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads a book on astronomy, he will feel intrigued.
A person works without stopping in order to earn money.
If a person feels unfulfilled, he wants to do something.
If a person gets together with others in the department, he is seen as a team player.
If a person admires the stained glass, he will feel inspired.
If a person asks others for help, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person makes an important promise, he wants to keep his promise.
A person teaches personY to drive in order to help personY.
If a person goes to bed alone, he is lonely as a result.
If a person is a family man, he wants to be a husband and father.
If a person is making plans, he will feel determined.
If a person finishes his research, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finds a new partner, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives a false story, he is suspected of lying as a result.
If a person spends time with the mother, he will feel connected.
If a person fixes the damage, he will feel accomplished.
If a person determines to go fishing again, he will feel happy.
If a person teaches others how to bowl, he makes PersonY a better bowler as a result.
If a person does everything he can, he will feel motivated.
If a person considers others a friend, he wants to help PersonY.
A person takes a different approach in order to solve the problem in a different way.
If a person commits a violent crime, he will feel guilt.
If a person receives affection, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to his favourite music, he feels good as a result.
If a person goes to church in the morning, he will feel holy.
If a person is used to cooking, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others go to the park, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is irritated by the crying baby, he wants to make the baby stop crying.
A person leaves others's town in order to move on.
If a person receives the good news, he will feel happy.
A person attempts to do it all alone in order to be self sufficient.
If a person can't take the heat, he wants to be in the shade.
If a person celebrates a night of love with others, he will feel content.
A person does an important task in order to be successful.
A person tries not to get angry in order to avoid an argument.
If a person learns to protect himself, he is more confident as a result.
If a person has a back injury, he is in pain as a result.
If a person and others goes to therapy, he and PersonY feel better as a result.
A person and others take a rest in order to relax and PersonY wants to recharge.
If a person hates animal abuse, he wants to stop the abuse.
If a person goes into work, he will feel motivated.
A person volunteers to stay at school in order to be a good student.
If a person knows what to do, he will feel confident.
If a person treats others like an equal, he earns PersonY’ respect as a result.
If a person rethinks his or her life, he wants to live a different life.
If a person finds a new purpose, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person starts learning to talk, he wants to talk more.
If a person has come to the right place, he will feel content.
If a person orders the right pizza, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has some thoughts, he wants to share them.
If a person tries to save everyone, he is seen as brave.
If a person has her notebook stolen, he wants to get her notebook back.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he is pleased with the vacation as a result.
If a person searches for the money, he will feel determined.
If a person gets the house ready, he will feel productive.
If a person looks for new jobs, he will feel motivated.
If a person suffers a loss, he is upset as a result.
If a person gives a rousing speech, he will feel confident.
If a person is truly sorry, he wants to be forgiven.
If a person is brokenhearted, he cries as a result.
If a person earns her living, he will feel productive.
If a person discusses plans, he will feel involved.
If a person is experienced, he will feel confident.
If a person considers a situation, he will feel thoughtful.
A person changes place in order to be in a different place.
If a person opens an old textbook, he reads a chapter as a result.
If a person can't let it slip, he wants to get it right.
If a person discovers something interesting, he will feel excited.
A person runs to the park in order to get some fresh air.
If a person holds his ground, he will feel secure.
A person writes words in his journal in order to record his thoughts.
If a person wants to do one thing at a time, he will feel focused.
A person starts questioning in order to find out the truth.
A person learns how to make soap in order to be able to make soap.
If a person encounters danger, he will feel frightened.
If a person tries to speak in public, he wants to be more outgoing.
If a person falls for personY, he wants to have a relationship.
A person meets with a financial adviser in order to be more financially secure.
If a person finds a happy ending, he will feel relieved.
If a person solves an equation, he will feel accomplished.
If a person doesn't waste time, he will feel efficient.
If a person likes spending time with others, he and PersonY get closer as a result.
If a person does his or her best, he will feel motivated.
A person is working out in order to be healthy.
If a person is enjoying a coffee with others, he has a good time as a result.
If a person is diagnosed, he gets treatment as a result.
If a person suffers from a wound, he is in pain as a result.
A person attempts to solve a problem in order to be able to solve problems.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he wants to save his loved one.
If a person sits down to watch a film, he will feel comfortable.
If a person prays on the hill, he will feel spiritual.
If a person helps others with their task, he will feel helpful.
A person thinks of applying for a job in order to earn money.
If a person solves a business problem, he will feel pleased.
A person helps others do homework in order to help PersonY.
A person reads a magazine about others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person goes to church again, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is busy reading, he will feel interested.
If a person discovers that someone wants to deceive her, he wants to know the truth.
If a person decides to have a rest, he will feel rested.
A person explores rural hills in order to be outdoors.
A person participates in a demonstration in order to be part of a movement.
If a person listens to others’s CD, he enjoys PersonY’s music as a result.
If a person buys some items at the store, he has a good shopping experience as a result.
If a person speaks with a wild child, he gets to know the wild child as a result.
If a person gets rid of the negative emotions, he will feel peaceful.
If a person makes sure he arrives on time, he will feel in control.
If a person pays attention to details, he is able to do the job well as a result.
A person calls his uncle in order to be able to talk to his uncle.
If a person asks more questions, he wants to learn more.
If a person gets a strange call, he is disturbed as a result.
If a person thinks of the perfect story, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to help personY, he will feel helpful.
A person takes a stroll in the park in order to relax.
If a person applies wisdom, he learns to make wise decisions as a result.
If a person takes an interest in others's career, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person is liked by everyone, he will feel respected.
If a person learns to be self-sufficient, he will feel satisfied.
If a person eats with gusto, he will feel full.
A person learns others's story in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person is winning, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets to walk, he will feel happy.
If a person is meditating, he will feel calm.
If a person will run for mayor, he will feel hopeful.
If a person tries not to panic, he remains calm as a result.
If a person discovers something interesting, he is excited as a result.
If a person has a free night, he wants to go out.
If a person camps every year, he enjoys camping as a result.
If a person goes out in the evening, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person gets ready for a holiday, he will feel excited.
If a person takes his job more seriously, he will feel responsible.
If a person begins to do better, he will feel hopeful.
If a person likes the message, he wants to see the message again.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel relieved.
If a person gets congratulated, he will feel good.
If a person puts forth effort, he wants to succeed.
If a person dresses up for a fancy party, he will feel beautiful.
If a person speaks out against domestic violence, he wants to stop the violence.
If a person takes others's advice, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person gets hold of the ball, he will feel in control.
If a person has to think about this issue, he is unsure as a result.
A person meets with his mother in order to know his mother.
If a person opens up a little more, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is on the track, he will feel determined.
If a person puts on his or her coat, he will feel warm.
If a person decides to live a good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person fucks up, he will feel guilty.
If a person can predict the future, he is able to make accurate predictions as a result.
If a person practices for the swimming tournament, he swims well as a result.
A person is going to work in order to earn money.
A person studies for tomorrow's exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person speaks from experience, he tells the truth as a result.
If a person gains clarity, he will feel content.
If a person sees the ring and gets engaged, he will feel happy.
If a person sets out for a long walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person crashes his motorcycle, he is injured as a result.
If a person chooses to relax, he will feel refreshed.
If a person comes to an understanding, he will feel satisfied.
A person tells others about the visit in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person worries about a relapse, he wants to be clean.
A person makes his own way in order to be independent.
If a person is stabbed by others, he is badly injured as a result.
If a person studies more than last year, he wants to be smarter.
A person is dressed up in a special outfit in order to look good.
If a person makes up for others's troubles, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes a long trip in order to see the world.
If a person hits his stride, he will feel in control.
If a person is well qualified, he will feel good.
If a person goes to library, he reads more books as a result.
If a person faces a bad situation, he will feel worried.
If a person meets an important goal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person begins to read the New York Times, he will feel interested.
If a person tells about the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person visits personY in order to spend time with personY.
If a person has talked to others about getting married, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person discovers a new passion, he wants to explore this new interest.
A person participates in a protest march in order to show his support for the cause.
A person is being careful with others in order to keep PersonY safe.
If a person endures evil with good, he will feel strong.
If a person is offered a great job, he wants to take the job.
If a person is worried about the family, he wants to take care of the family.
If a person tells himself a story, he will feel entertained.
If a person watches a sad movie, he will feel depressed.
If a person leaves an affectionate message, he will feel pleased.
A person heads to a restaurant in order to eat out.
If a person goes to yoga class, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person works through things, he makes progress as a result.
If a person is amazed by something, he wants to know more.
If a person marries the right person, he is happy as a result.
If a person shops for a present, he will feel happy.
A person reads a message in order to know what the message says.
If a person is sought after by clients, he will feel successful.
If a person worries others will be upset, he wants to keep PersonY happy.
A person builds the company well in order to build a successful company.
If a person drinks alone at home, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person falls into a bottomless pit, he is trapped in the pit as a result.
If a person realizes her destiny, he wants to fulfill her destiny.
A person writes something to others in order to tell PersonY something.
A person gave others a friendly greeting in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person was working, he will feel productive.
A person gives a ride to others in order to help PersonY.
A person starts to type in order to be productive.
If a person is a very hard worker, he will feel accomplished.
If a person keeps his promise, he will feel trustworthy.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he is happy as a result.
If a person regrets selling others, he wants to buy PersonY back.
If a person puts on a new sweater, he will feel warm.
If a person moves to a safer place, he will feel relieved.
A person is cautious in order to avoid a mistake.
If a person and others finally make love, he will feel pleased.
If a person notices that it is raining, he will feel wet.
If a person gets ready to hit the road, he will feel excited.
If a person is sick and tired of this whole thing, he wants to stop.
If a person thinks about what he's done, he feels guilty as a result.
A person brings food home in order to provide for his family.
A person cleans the garden in order to keep the garden beautiful.
If a person says what others wanted to hear, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person works out at the health club, he is seen as fit.
If a person gets a head injury, he will feel in pain.
If a person receives a facelift, he is now more attractive as a result.
If a person stops being cruel, he wants to be nice.
A person says what he means in order to be honest.
If a person takes part in an accident, he will feel hurt.
If a person realizes that her life is threatened, he wants to protect herself.
If a person has fallen ill, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person takes control of the project, he will feel successful.
A person practices an art form in order to be good at something.
A person finds others and praises them in order to support PersonY.
A person cooperates with others in order to help PersonY.
A person brushes his teeth before going to bed in order to have a clean mouth.
If a person wears colorful clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person realizes success, he will feel pleased.
If a person discusses the details, he will feel involved.
If a person and others have a big fight, he is upset as a result.
A person organizes a clean-up day in order to make the environment better.
If a person gets a bike for Christmas, he is happy as a result.
A person checks if something is working in order to be sure that something is working.
If a person has his hands full, he will feel stressed.
If a person helps solve the case, he will feel accomplished.
A person heads out to the party in order to be social.
If a person practices telling the truth, he is more honest as a result.
If a person joins an activist group, he will feel inspired.
If a person joins AA, he will feel sober.
If a person puts everything in order, he will feel accomplished.
If a person decides to make a change, he wants to become a better person.
If a person faces trouble, he will feel upset.
If a person becomes a winner, he gets a trophy as a result.
If a person makes himself comfortable, he will feel happy.
A person moves out of the way in order to let others pass.
If a person is yelled at by a strange person, he will feel upset.
A person puts out the flame in order to keep the fire from spreading.
If a person sometimes tells lies, he is often suspected of lying as a result.
If a person beats others to the punch, he will feel triumphant.
If a person and others ask each other a question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person finds the situation a nuisance, he wants to avoid the situation.
A person begins traveling in order to experience new things.
A person gives a bunch of money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person plays the instrument well, he will feel accomplished.
If a person reads the latest news, he will feel informed.
If a person writes a well-received screenplay, he will feel pleased.
If a person wins at tennis, he is pleased as a result.
If a person suffers at school, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gains self-awareness, he wants to learn more about himself.
If a person travels to the beach, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person trains 2-5 times a day, he will feel motivated.
If a person investigates situations, he wants to solve mysteries.
A person goes back to college in order to finish his education.
If a person talks to other people in town, he is friendly as a result.
If a person skips to music, he will feel happy.
A person considers visiting her father in order to reconnect with her father.
If a person begins to think about, he will feel interested.
If a person watches a lot of sports on TV, he is interested in sports as a result.
A person applies for an education in order to improve his life.
If a person was an expert at that sport, he is a champion as a result.
If a person starts going to the library everyday, he wants to study at the library.
If a person finds others and praises them, he will feel happy.
If a person considers a response, he wants to make a decision.
If a person takes pictures of the sunset, he gets a good picture as a result.
If a person continues building, he will feel motivated.
If a person investigates something, he wants to know more.
A person is working on others’s book in order to help PersonY.
If a person receives great news, he will feel excited.
A person goes to visit the doctor in order to feel better.
A person studies music in order to become a better musician.
If a person admires the temple, he visits the temple as a result.
If a person invites others to visit, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person makes a meaningful gift in order to show how much he cares.
If a person enjoys the company of others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person acquires a new car, he is pleased with his new car as a result.
If a person follows all the rules, he will feel disciplined.
If a person begins therapy, he wants to talk about his feelings.
A person writes others letters in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
A person is open in order to be available to everyone.
If a person takes care of his own needs, he is not dependent on others as a result.
If a person decides to train martial arts, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person reads an item, he will feel informed.
If a person runs around the house, he will feel energetic.
If a person enjoys being part of the group, he gets closer to his friends as a result.
If a person does something for herself, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets a great idea, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys a nice conversation, he will feel content.
A person looks up data in order to learn more about the topic.
A person decides to get in a discussion with others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person undergoes a difficult experience, he is affected by the experience as a result.
If a person has become frustrated, he wants to calm down.
A person serves her customers in order to make her customers happy.
If a person faces financial difficulties, he will feel worried.
If a person reads a great book, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a delicious dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person prefers to do things on his own, he becomes more independent as a result.
A person consults with others often in order to get PersonY's advice.
If a person takes a hot bath, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person is traveling in order to see the world.
If a person keeps writing a report, he will feel productive.
If a person conquers fear, he will feel confident.
If a person leads his team to victory, he will feel proud.
A person works at his garden in order to be a good gardener.
If a person gets all dressed up, he will feel pleased.
A person buys clothes for his sister in order to make his sister happy.
A person practices an art form in order to be a good artist.
If a person thinks others is a bad influence, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person ends up in a fight, he will feel upset.
If a person encounters a terrible problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person drinks some beer, he will feel inebriated.
If a person is attacked by bandits, he is injured as a result.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he will feel concerned.
If a person explains what he was thinking, he is seen as insightful.
If a person has bad news, he is sad as a result.
If a person is frustrated by failure, he wants to succeed.
If a person investigates his own emotions, he wants to understand himself.
If a person brings her project to a successful conclusion, he will feel proud.
If a person decides to join the party, he will feel energetic.
A person jogs the dogs in order to keep the dogs in shape.
If a person opens up a little more, he wants to be more social.
If a person explores others's motives, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
If a person has some real water, he will feel refreshed.
A person buys a self-help book in order to improve her life.
If a person listens to something good, he likes it as a result.
A person calls others again in order to be in contact with PersonY.
If a person discovers something about herself, he wants to find out more about herself.
If a person makes poor life choices, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person enters an old film festival, he will feel intrigued.
A person tries to memorize a list of words in order to learn new words.
If a person realizes she has made a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he will feel elated.
If a person turns on the stereo, he will feel entertained.
If a person trains every day, he gets fit as a result.
If a person compliments others on the cookery, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others are brought together, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has a regular day, he will feel comfortable.
If a person knows how to reply, he will feel confident.
If a person seeks another's opinion, he will feel receptive.
If a person has a vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person spills water on himself, he is soaked as a result.
If a person dials others's number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person grows closer to Logan, he will feel comfortable.
If a person finds it hard to accept, he will feel upset.
If a person learns some information, he wants to use the information.
If a person is at a loss again, he will feel helpless.
If a person considers getting a second job, he wants to have more money.
If a person gives a successful lecture, he is seen as brilliant.
If a person is a bigmouth, he is always bragging as a result.
A person enrolls in a course in order to learn something new.
If a person enters the business, he wants to make more money.
If a person has a picnic with his family, he ’s family enjoys the day as a result.
If a person talks to some neighbors, he learns about the neighbors as a result.
If a person finally stands up to others, he will feel powerful.
A person asks others to come home in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is getting stressed out, he will feel angry.
If a person sews a beautiful dress, he will feel pleased.
If a person drinks more alcohol, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person takes shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person has had it with others, he wants to leave PersonY.
If a person doubts her feelings for others, he wants to be sure.
If a person is impressed with others's thinking, he wants to think like PersonY.
If a person has the right idea, he will feel pleased.
A person reads others's statement in order to know what PersonY has to say.
If a person is worried about an illness, he wants to get better.
If a person contemplates his situation, he wants to figure out what to do.
If a person has an enjoyable time, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes good care of her body, he will feel healthy.
If a person does a good job with a new project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes a success, he will feel fulfilled.
A person listens to people in order to understand people.
If a person's mom is in the hospital, he is worried about his mom as a result.
If a person goes to a good restaurant, he will feel content.
If a person has a car, he will feel independent.
A person develops more skills in order to be better at what he does.
A person studies different opinions in order to understand the world.
If a person makes love to , he will feel fulfilled.
If a person realizes that he's jealous, he wants to stop being jealous.
If a person decides to deal with a problem, he will feel determined.
If a person eats delicious food, he will feel satisfied.
A person listens to a mix of music in order to listen to a variety of music.
A person decides to walk around in order to get exercise.
If a person takes charge of the committee, he will feel empowered.
If a person spends more time with others, he is closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person deals with problem, he is seen as good at solving problems.
If a person walks around the neighborhood, he wants to get to know his neighbors.
If a person makes a cup of tea, he will feel warm.
If a person earns a law degree, he wants to be a lawyer.
If a person wins at a game, he will feel satisfied.
A person studies hard for his exam in order to pass his exam.
If a person begins to hesitate, he will feel nervous.
If a person bakes a meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is doing exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person is secure, he will feel content.
If a person studies jazz dance, he wants to play jazz.
If a person is dressed to the nines, he will feel good.
If a person worries about an approaching storm, he wants to watch the weather.
If a person catches others having a smoke, he makes PersonY stop smoking as a result.
A person wants to leave home in order to start a new life.
If a person always says what she means, he will feel truthful.
If a person and others get into an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person is so sick of this, he wants to be free.
If a person takes time to smell the roses, he enjoys the roses as a result.
If a person is awarded a scholarship, he wants to attend college.
If a person studies frequently, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others rekindle their relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person dresses up for the prom, he will feel sexy.
A person manages the schedule in order to keep the schedule on track.
If a person and others join an organization, he and PersonY get involved in community service as a result.
If a person awakens to a good morning, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person thinks it might work, he wants to try it.
A person tries to put out the fire in order to save the house.
If a person sinks lower, he will feel defeated.
If a person discovers a solution, he will feel happy.
If a person holds on to his principles, he will feel strong.
If a person starts eating cereal, he will feel full.
If a person enjoys a beautiful landscape, he will feel peaceful.
A person decides to work out in order to stay healthy.
If a person helps with the cooking, he will feel helpful.
A person eventually takes his leave in order to be free.
If a person smells a bad odor, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person improves himself, he becomes more successful as a result.
If a person develops great social skills, he makes friends as a result.
If a person reads the computer science journal, he will feel curious.
If a person does her best work, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds a comfortable couch, he will feel content.
If a person shows growth in working toward a goal, he is motivated to continue as a result.
If a person writes about the world, he will feel creative.
If a person knows something is wrong, he will feel alarmed.
A person fixes the table in order to make the table perfect.
If a person spends time with her mom, he gets closer to her mom as a result.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he wants to be himself.
If a person outshines all competitors, he will feel triumphant.
A person goes down to the cellar in order to explore the cellar.
If a person wins at a tournament, he is happy as a result.
If a person buys a new CD, he likes the CD as a result.
If a person takes care of business, he is a responsible adult as a result.
If a person considers an idea, he will feel creative.
A person approaches a problem in order to find a solution.
If a person hates being controlled, he wants to be free.
If a person works to earn more money, he will feel productive.
A person invites others to breakfast in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is able to have a good dream, he will feel happy.
A person buys the dog some medicine in order to make the dog better.
If a person objects to what others has said, he wants to stop PersonY from saying that.
A person starts for the first time in order to start a new journey.
A person takes a foreign holiday in order to explore the world.
A person jogs through the park in order to get exercise.
If a person looks up information, he will feel curious.
A person communicates to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person starts taking a bath, he will feel clean.
If a person meets a nice woman, he will feel pleased.
If a person rides in a car without air conditioning, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person is offended by others's behavior, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person rests his head on others's shoulder, he will feel relaxed.
If a person attempts to console others, he will feel compassionate.
If a person can tolerate it no longer, he wants to move.
If a person struggles in the mud, he wants to get out of the mud.
If a person succeeds in acquiring a car, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries the food, he wants to eat the food.
If a person is willing to change, he wants to be a better person.
A person leaves the flat in order to be independent.
If a person challenges others to a competition, he wants to beat PersonY.
If a person worries that personY might not know, he wants to know.
If a person goes to the seaside, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person is unhappy with her job, he will feel depressed.
If a person hears of good news, he will feel joyful.
A person arranges a meeting with others in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person joins a tour, he gets to see more of the world as a result.
A person invites his friends over in order to make his friends feel welcome.
If a person is trained in everything, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person visits an old home, he learns about the past as a result.
If a person has an opportunity, he wants to pursue the opportunity.
If a person is nearly finished, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes a trip to the country, he enjoys the country as a result.
If a person kicks around some ideas, he wants to do something.
If a person wants to have a good meal, he wants to eat at a restaurant.
If a person is unshaven, he will feel disheveled.
If a person becomes a model student, he gets good grades as a result.
A person gives others a reality check in order to help PersonY see the truth.
If a person writes an important report, he will feel accomplished.
If a person starts a company, he wants to be a successful entrepreneur.
A person promises to give others a present in order to make PersonY happy.
A person consults a counselor in order to be more emotionally stable.
If a person fulfills his obligation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is fed up with the fight, he wants to give up.
If a person wonders about the state of the universe, he wants to find out more about the universe.
A person signs up for a cooking class in order to be a better cook.
If a person thinks that is very nice, he will feel content.
If a person takes a dose of medication, he feels better as a result.
A person tries harder in order to be better.
A person quits the company in order to be independent.
If a person gets his reward, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets to spend quality time with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person holds the meeting on time, he will feel in control.
If a person does not decide immediately, he decides later as a result.
If a person gives others a pat on the back, he will feel happy.
If a person reaches an understanding, he will feel enlightened.
If a person keeps to the rules, he will feel controlled.
A person intends to see a therapist in order to be more emotionally stable.
A person tries to resist temptation in order to stay strong.
If a person fends off others’s assault, he wins the fight as a result.
If a person switches on the television, he will feel entertained.
A person plants flowers in her garden in order to beautify her garden.
If a person gets into a barroom fight, he will feel angry.
If a person forms a plan, he will feel in control.
If a person realizes he or she likes others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person learns better, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person follows a study plan, he will feel organised.
If a person spends time at a job, he will feel busy.
If a person finds himself in a dangerous situation, he will feel scared.
If a person decides to relax, he is in a better mood as a result.
If a person is working for civil rights, he will feel passionate.
A person enrolls in classes in order to learn more.
If a person is training hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person does well in middle school, he will feel pleased.
If a person is diagnosed with diabetes, he wants to take care of his diabetes.
If a person wins the race, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person attempts to earn money in order to be independent.
If a person calls others for support, he feels supported as a result.
If a person takes up running, he will feel excited.
A person continues with her work in order to be productive.
If a person has his shit together, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person takes matters into his own hands, he will feel assertive.
If a person keeps his cool, he will feel confident.
If a person joins a circle of friends, he wants to hang out with his friends.
If a person carries on an interesting conversation, he is seen as a good conversationalist.
If a person is out of shape, he will feel fat.
A person hits the road in order to be independent.
A person keeps up the pressure in order to be in control.
A person brings her friends together in order to make her friends happy.
If a person believes that others is hungry, he wants to feed PersonY.
If a person is experienced, he will feel wise.
A person leaves for good in order to be free.
If a person enjoys family gatherings, he wants to spend more time with his family.
A person hits the clubs in order to be a part of the social scene.
If a person worries about reputation, he wants to make a good impression.
If a person completes a homework assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person joins a rock band, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person went on a trip in order to see new places.
If a person gets flowers, he will feel appreciated.
If a person suspects others of being unfaithful, he wants to know the truth.
If a person is disturbed by the rain, he wants to be dry.
If a person feels uneasy about losing the saddle, he wants to get the saddle back.
A person turns around to ask others in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
A person works extra hard in order to be the best.
If a person applies logic, he understands how to solve a problem as a result.
If a person imagines the possibilities, he will feel inspired.
If a person looks at the evidence, he will feel interested.
If a person has terrible news, he will feel sad.
A person learns to be careful in order to avoid injury.
If a person and others goes out for coffee, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person is confused about directions, he wants to get directions.
A person runs for public office in order to be a leader.
If a person and others go out dancing, he will feel fun.
If a person ends up at a bar, he has a few drinks as a result.
If a person explores new ideas, he wants to continue exploring.
A person sends others a text in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person asks for the truth, he learns the truth as a result.
A person heads to the library in order to read a book.
If a person manages to cook well, he will feel confident.
If a person drives to a secluded place, he will feel relaxed.
A person works with others's father in order to help PersonY's father.
If a person is successful in a negotiation, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes a citizen, he has the right to vote as a result.
If a person is thinking about it, he will feel curious.
A person washes his hands in order to keep his hands clean.
If a person objects to others's presence, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person is mystified by the world, he wants to figure it out.
If a person enjoys photography, he is an amateur photographer as a result.
If a person stands up to his brother, he will feel strong.
If a person thinks hard, he will feel focused.
If a person continues to study, he will feel determined.
If a person gets a lot of work done, he is seen as diligent.
A person studies the defense in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person manages to please others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to do her own thing, he will feel independent.
If a person fears a violent act, he wants to be safe.
A person begins to apply his knowledge in order to improve his skills.
A person encourages others to work harder in order PersonY to succeed.
A person pays attention to details in order to be organized.
If a person has always respected others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person puts on a good show, he will feel self-confident.
A person speaks to personY in order to communicate with personY.
If a person knows that others is being honest, he wants to believe PersonY.
A person talks to her children in order to keep in touch with her children.
If a person answers every question, he is seen as a good listener.
If a person meets a nice woman, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a good leader, he is respected by his team as a result.
A person writes for a living in order to express her ideas.
If a person objects to racism, he wants to get rid of racism.
If a person has a romantic rendezvous, he will feel pleased.
If a person is happy about others’s future, he wants to see PersonY happy.
If a person becomes a professional pianist, he plays beautifully as a result.
If a person helps solve a crime, he will feel pleased.
If a person wakes up to a loud noise, he will feel startled.
If a person stocks up on food, he will feel full.
A person treats others with kindness in order to make PersonY feel better.
If a person turns out okay, he will feel satisfied.
If a person helps others through difficult times, he is seen as a good friend.
A person purchases new running shoes in order to improve his running skills.
If a person doubts his decision, he wants to be sure.
If a person sees something beautiful, he will feel moved.
If a person is not used to having trouble, he wants to avoid trouble.
If a person finds what he's looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person acts according to instructions, he completes the task as a result.
If a person's purpose fulfilled, he will feel content.
If a person sings along with the radio, he will feel content.
If a person got in trouble, he will feel guilty.
A person puts water in the water bottle in order to keep hydrated.
If a person takes up gardening, he will feel productive.
If a person has a nice time with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains to become a doctor, he will feel determined.
A person tries to work out in order to be healthy.
If a person resolves not to lie, he tells the truth as a result.
A person is applying for a job in order to be successful.
If a person is concerned about someone else's welfare, he wants to be helpful.
If a person asks a local official for help, he will feel supported.
If a person gives a compliment to others, he will feel pleased.
A person begins to reflect on subject X in order to learn more about subject X.
If a person writes about the world, he is seen as knowledgeable.
A person continues to speak in order to communicate.
If a person reads a book on child psychology, he will feel entertained.
A person organizes a wedding in order to make the wedding a success.
If a person is stronger, he will feel confident.
A person tells others about his day in order to be able to talk about his day.
If a person speaks in front of the crowd, he is seen as eloquent.
If a person discovers a new interest, he wants to explore this new interest.
If a person gets employment, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good future, he will feel happy.
If a person hears rumors of war, he becomes worried as a result.
If a person is affected by someone else’s concerns, he becomes upset as a result.
If a person and others make their escape, he will feel free.
If a person decides to tell the truth, he will feel brave.
If a person learns about the problem, he will feel enlightened.
A person tells her about his job in order to share his experience.
If a person is overwhelmed by his activities, he will feel anxious.
If a person files a report, he will feel competent.
If a person becomes obsessed with some situation, he wants to do something about it.
If a person goes swimming in the river, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries to put on a good face, he wants to be happy.
If a person has an unpleasant encounter, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person bathes, he will feel refreshed.
If a person realizes that he or she forgot something, he wants to remember what it was.
If a person bought a new car, he is happy as a result.
A person is on the way to others's house in order to see PersonY.
A person goes shopping for presents in order to give presents to people.
If a person explores the mazes, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is aware of others's needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person gets accepted to a prestigious university, he wants to stay in school.
If a person is gregarious, he is liked by his peers as a result.
If a person watches video, he will feel entertained.
If a person realizes his horrible mistake, he wants to fix his mistake.
A person investigates the noise in order to find out what is making the noise.
If a person and others are dating, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person chose the right direction, he wants to continue on the right path.
If a person is concerned about others, he is helpful as a result.
If a person turns off the phone, he wants to be alone.
If a person has a peaceful life, he will feel relaxed.
A person gave others a hug in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person gets the prize, he will feel happy.
If a person obtains a good night's sleep, he wakes up refreshed as a result.
If a person packs for a vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person learns from her, he will feel intelligent.
If a person wins the awards, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets back together, he will feel happy.
If a person is being sick, he wants to feel better.
A person visits his native country in order to reconnect with his roots.
If a person finishes the work, he will feel accomplished.
If a person decides to walk around, he will feel energetic.
If a person visits Jerry, he gets to know Jerry as a result.
A person signs up for a swim team in order to improve her swimming skills.
If a person is on an adventure, he has fun as a result.
If a person paints a perfect picture, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finishes a project on time, he will feel pleased.
If a person remains in control, he will feel confident.
A person lends books to a friend in order to help his friend.
A person has a look at the letter in order to see what the letter says.
A person dedicates effort to training in order to be the best.
A person tries to stop the fight in order to avoid violence.
If a person is learning to ride a bike, he gets better at biking as a result.
A person and others takes vacation in order to relax and PersonY wants to have fun.
If a person is fully organized, he will feel efficient.
A person and others are on vacation in order to relax and PersonY wants to have fun.
A person visits a very old house in order to see how the house was in the past.
A person allows others to work in order PersonY to have a job.
If a person goes to a crisis center, he gets counseling as a result.
If a person go outside, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has an interesting career, he will feel challenged.
If a person keeps it under control, he will feel calm.
If a person joins a book club, he will feel interested.
If a person attends a faculty meeting, he will feel engaged.
If a person read something on the Internet, he learns something new as a result.
If a person performs his best, he will feel confident.
If a person catches the bad guy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person takes an art class, he develops an interest in art as a result.
If a person settles an old score, he will feel relieved.
A person tried everything in order to succeed.
If a person continues moving forward, he will feel determined.
If a person looks to others for guidance, he will feel supported.
If a person has a high evaluation score, he will feel good.
A person attempts to take a picture in order to document the event.
A person tries to cry in order to be able to express her emotions.
If a person is always friendly to others, he is popular with PersonY as a result.
If a person prepares for her daily routine, he is more organized as a result.
If a person finds a new lover, he will feel happy.
If a person continues to read about that, he wants to learn more about that.
If a person wants to hang out with others, he has a good time with PersonY as a result.
If a person overcomes the obstacle, he will feel victorious.
If a person works to hard, he will feel exhausted.
If a person learns to swim, he is a better swimmer as a result.
If a person follows the proper procedure, he will feel organized.
A person runs for public office in order to make a difference.
If a person does not like that person, he wants to avoid that person.
If a person goes clubbing with friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person finds a place to camp, he will feel comfortable.
If a person receives favorable service, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets too little sleep, he will feel tired.
If a person has an ovation, he will feel happy.
If a person knows the sky isn't right, he wants to fix the sky.
If a person practices good manners, he will feel polite.
If a person knows what is required, he will feel prepared.
A person follows the man in order to find out more about the man.
If a person receives some good advice, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences conflict, he will feel stressed.
If a person is doubtful about the situation, he wants to be sure.
If a person gets involved in a fistfight, he gets into trouble as a result.
If a person becomes interested in a topic, he wants to research the topic.
If a person is responsible for a job well done, he will feel happy.
If a person has an explanation, he will feel understood.
If a person eats his supper, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives great service, he will feel satisfied.
A person observes the sound in order to understand the sound.
If a person is angry at the driver, he wants to yell at the driver.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes care of some tidying up in order to be tidy.
If a person puts his affairs in order, he will feel at peace.
If a person fears for others’s health, he wants to see PersonY get better.
A person tries to do the job in order to be successful.
If a person gets out of a bad situation, he will feel relieved.
A person is off with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person studies music in order to be good at music.
If a person is fascinated by, he wants to learn more about.
If a person turns on the hot water, he gets a hot shower as a result.
If a person has had enough of all this, he wants to do something about it.
If a person gets used to new medication, he will feel stable.
If a person cleans up his act, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person spends a pleasant day with others, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a great time at the club, he is happy as a result.
A person asks others to lunch in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person manages others's career in order to make PersonY successful.
If a person has a good reputation, he is liked by his peers as a result.
A person makes changes to others’s lifestyle in order to improve PersonY’s life.
If a person devotes its efforts, he wants to be successful.
If a person goes to a yoga class, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person plays in a band in order to be a musician.
A person asks the right question in order to know the answer.
A person continues training in order to be fit.
If a person drives to a great location, he will feel happy.
If a person is having a good time, he will feel energized.
A person resumes schooling in order to get a degree.
If a person is unsure what to do, he will feel lost.
If a person gets a happy ending, he will feel content.
If a person gets his heart broken, he will feel depressed.
If a person encounters a bad relationship, he wants to get out of the relationship.
If a person practices meditation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person's expectations met, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person has no way to get rid of it, he is stuck with it as a result.
If a person worries that something bad has happened, he will feel scared.
A person takes others out for dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person learns about her family, he wants to know more about her family.
If a person worries about future consequences, he will feel tense.
If a person makes an inspiring speech, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a massage, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person takes care of themselves, he feels healthier as a result.
If a person helps others prepare dinner, he will feel helpful.
A person moved away from his father in order to live on his own.
If a person decides to get a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person happens to finish the task, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts his affairs in order, he will feel relieved.
If a person feels sick to his stomach, he wants to throw up.
A person mowed his lawn in order to keep his lawn clean.
If a person gets a special letter, he feels good as a result.
If a person meditates every day, he will feel calm.
A person tries to finish the book in order to be successful.
If a person reads the newspaper, he will feel curious.
If a person gets a pet dog, he becomes attached to the dog as a result.
A person visits his father’s grave in order to pay his respects.
If a person works on himself, he wants to be better.
A person asks others to go out in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is wrapped up in the blankets, he will feel warm.
If a person becomes motivated, he begins to exercise as a result.
A person carries out a conversation in order to keep a conversation going.
A person carries on reading in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person calls others's cellphone, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person allows others to explain, he wants to listen.
If a person gets on with others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person gains a valuable skill, he will feel accomplished.
If a person will go on, he will feel confident.
If a person invites others to follow him, he wants to show PersonY around.
If a person experiences an internal conflict, he will feel angry.
If a person uses hand sanitizer, he will feel clean.
If a person exercises vigorously, he will feel energized.
If a person jogs down the street, he will feel energetic.
A person gets answers in order to know the truth.
A person tests his idea in order to make sure his idea works.
If a person takes up fencing, he gets fit as a result.
If a person asks questions of others, he learns about a topic as a result.
If a person signs up for a course, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person is in therapy, he wants to be normal.
If a person peers at someone, he will feel curious.
If a person regrets accusing others, he wants to apologize.
If a person is financially in debt, he wants to get out of debt.
If a person listens to hard rock music, he develops a taste for hard rock as a result.
If a person feels a lot less pressured, he will feel relaxed.
If a person doesn't take care of himself, he is unhealthy as a result.
If a person listens to a classical music CD, he enjoys the music as a result.
A person is learning how to bake bread in order to be able to make bread.
If a person takes on responsibility, he wants to be a leader.
If a person holds the top post, he will feel secure.
If a person discovers something unsettling, he is upset as a result.
A person helps an old lady cross the street in order to be helpful.
If a person wrote a great book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person enjoys playing basketball, he wants to play more basketball.
A person cleans up after dog in order to make sure the dog is clean.
A person picks up the cat in order to take care of the cat.
If a person takes away others’s worry, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person and others volunteer in order to help people and PersonY wants to be useful.
If a person's dad teaches him how to fight, he is seen as tough.
If a person plays some games, he will feel entertained.
If a person practises being tough, he is tougher as a result.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he will feel inspired.
If a person has a problem with a telephone, he wants to fix the telephone.
A person tries to explain his actions in order to be understood.
If a person and others head for an adventure, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person reads for fun, he will feel calm.
A person invites others to a meal in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person fights the robber in order to defend himself.
If a person complains about symptoms, he wants to feel better.
If a person makes a solemn vow, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person has a bad week, he is stressed as a result.
If a person and others hear from others, he and PersonY learn from others as a result.
If a person moves into a new building, he will feel pleased.
If a person frees himself from a difficult situation, he will feel relieved.
A person begins to wash his hands in order to be clean.
If a person chills out at home, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is kissed on the lips, he will feel loved.
A person puts money in others’s account in order to help PersonY.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he investigates the problem as a result.
A person continues the task in order to finish the task.
A person joins the campaign in order to be a part of the team.
If a person was getting sick, he wants to get better.
If a person accepts his job offer, he will feel happy.
If a person is back to work, he will feel motivated.
A person talks to others about others's qualities in order to praise PersonY.
If a person goes out and buys the gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person earns a paycheck, he will feel successful.
If a person watches a good movie, he will feel content.
If a person trains with weights, he will feel motivated.
If a person thinks that others should stop blaming herself, he encourages PersonY to move on as a result.
If a person reads the entire book, he will feel entertained.
If a person is made to feel welcome, he will feel valued.
If a person is not coping, he will feel depressed.
If a person suddenly takes interest in others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person enjoys this journey, he wants to continue this journey.
A person asks a penetrating question in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person attends a family reunion, he learns about his family as a result.
If a person drinks up, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds someone who will listen, he gets advice as a result.
A person offers his hand to others in order to help PersonY.
A person offers his or her services in order to help others.
If a person fears that he will be blamed, he wants to avoid blame.
A person heads out alone in order to have some time alone.
A person promises to be careful in order to be responsible.
If a person is a successful student, he will feel accomplished.
A person prepares the food for a party in order to make sure the food is ready.
A person tells others to stand up in order PersonY to stand up for himself.
If a person overcomes obstacles, he achieves success as a result.
If a person tries to remember all known information, he wants to learn more.
If a person and others watch a show, he and PersonY enjoy the show as a result.
If a person argues with the author, he will feel annoyed.
If a person reads a great book, he will feel excited.
If a person and others go to a nightclub, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person suffers a beating, he will feel upset.
If a person creates beauty, he will feel pleased.
A person resigns from the post in order to move on.
If a person receives a wonderful promotion, he will feel thrilled.
If a person considers how to get the money, he finds a way to get the money as a result.
If a person concentrates better, he will feel relaxed.
If a person enjoys being close to others, he will feel content.
If a person closes deal, he is happy as a result.
If a person handles tasks deftly, he will feel in control.
A person out for a stroll in order to relax.
If a person gives others a peck on the cheek, he will feel pleased.
If a person is accepted, he will feel pleased.
A person continues his ritual in order to maintain his routine.
If a person becomes an upstanding member of society, he will feel respected.
If a person does her make-up, he will feel beautiful.
If a person receives a facelift, he will feel happy.
A person shows their real side in order to be true to themselves.
If a person sees something beautiful, he will feel delighted.
If a person finds a leak in the kitchen, he wants to fix the leak.
A person meets others’s needs in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person visits the race track, he wants to watch the race.
If a person wears a nice tie, he will feel elegant.
If a person becomes a model student, he will feel confident.
If a person grabs the opportunity, he will feel excited.
If a person suffers much, he will feel upset.
A person passes the word on in order to make a difference.
A person rides out in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person works on a hobby project, he will feel motivated.
If a person prepares for the holidays, he wants to spend time with his family.
A person is successful in leaving in order to be free.
If a person begins to argue with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person makes plans for the weekend, he will feel excited.
If a person watches a news program, he will feel informed.
If a person has the facts, he is able to explain the facts as a result.
If a person gets somewhere, he will feel accomplished.
A person gets up and goes to work in order to make money.
A person reads the text of the law in order to understand the law.
A person begins an experiment in order to test the results.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he wants to read more.
A person pays for a ticket in order to see a movie.
If a person learns manners, he is polite as a result.
If a person is sorry for taking things for granted, he wants to be more thankful.
A person asks a tough question in order to know the truth.
If a person gets to be in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person is the best in the business, he will feel confident.
If a person knows how to live, he has a good life as a result.
A person volunteers to work on a project in order to be useful.
If a person asks the teacher for help, he will feel supported.
If a person is perturbed, he wants to feel better.
A person is taking a chance in order to try something new.
If a person experiences the American Dream, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes care of a long-standing problem, he will feel relieved.
A person cleans his home in order to make his home more beautiful.
If a person tries to find the truth, he will feel determined.
If a person takes a quick shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person makes plans for the future, he will feel motivated.
A person sits down to eat with family in order to be with his family.
A person leaves the state in order to be independent.
If a person is interested in studying, he studies hard as a result.
If a person approaches the matter cautiously, he will feel uncertain.
If a person asks the right question, he will feel smart.
A person read a lot of books in order to be well read.
A person leaves the situation in order to avoid the problem.
A person contributes to the public in order to be an effective citizen.
If a person finds a sense of meaning, he feels happy as a result.
If a person gets a whiff of something, he wants to investigate.
If a person signs up for yoga, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person decides to take a test, he wants to study.
A person listens to the story of others in order to know about PersonY.
If a person becomes involved with a new group, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees something off, he wants to investigate.
A person asks someone else about others in order to know what happened to PersonY.
A person acquires another language in order to expand his knowledge.
If a person notices a beautiful statue, he is attracted to the statue as a result.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person catches others breaking the law, he arrests PersonY as a result.
If a person travels to far-off places, he learns about the world as a result.
A person works hard all day in order to earn money.
If a person ask for assistance, he will feel helped.
If a person becomes better friends with others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person is the leader, he will feel important.
A person gives the dog a bath in order to keep the dog clean.
If a person rediscovers her art, he will feel happy.
If a person and others exercise, he and PersonY are in better shape as a result.
If a person examines something on the ground, he will feel curious.
If a person continues to write reports, he will feel productive.
If a person is watching a film, he is entertained as a result.
If a person overcomes the obstacle, he will feel successful.
A person waits for the other person in order to make sure the other person is there.
If a person has fun with the family, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is accepted to college, he wants to study more.
A person drives up to others's house in order to visit PersonY.
If a person shows an interest in a friend's sibling, he wants to spend time with the sibling.
A person sets up a private meeting in order to talk to someone in private.
A person is practicing meditation in order to be calm.
If a person and others find love, he will feel delighted.
If a person thinks of a few nice things to say, he will feel good.
A person goes to wash in order to be clean.
If a person works out at a gym, he is seen as athletic.
If a person does her chores, he will feel productive.
If a person is ridiculed, he will feel insulted.
If a person manages to get out of jail, he will feel relieved.
A person practices a piece in order to improve.
If a person and others try to hit it off, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person helps others study in order to help PersonY succeed.
If a person enjoys alone time, he will feel content.
If a person pours a cup of tea, he will feel warm.
If a person talks about philosophy, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person and others start talking about the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person spends lots of time practicing, he is seen as disciplined.
A person avoids jumping to conclusions in order to be objective.
If a person gets his message out, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works out a problem, he will feel confident.
If a person finds that others is not well, he wants to help PersonY.
A person puts out the flame in order to prevent the fire from spreading.
If a person dances wildly, he will feel joyful.
If a person regrets some of his words, he apologizes as a result.
If a person observes the horizon, he will feel curious.
If a person ends up staying with others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person learns new cultures, he has a better understanding of other cultures as a result.
If a person regrets her decision, he wants to change her decision.
If a person wears a flashy dress, he will feel elegant.
If a person takes up running, he wants to be a better runner.
If a person is an observer of the scene, he is affected by the scene as a result.
If a person is attacked by bandits, he will feel scared.
If a person has a really bad day, he will feel angry.
If a person ask for assistance, he is helped as a result.
If a person has a terrible experience, he feels sad as a result.
A person moves back to its country in order to be close to its roots.
A person practices driving in order to be a good driver.
If a person reads all about it, he will feel informed.
If a person moves to the next step, he gets promoted as a result.
If a person is offered a high-paying job, he wants to take the job.
If a person wins a car in a contest, he wants to drive the car.
If a person may need your help, he wants to talk to you.
A person visits someone in the hospital in order to help someone.
If a person tends to the injured victim, he will feel helpful.
If a person solves a problem with an elegant solution, he will feel intelligent.
A person helps others write a letter in order to help PersonY.
If a person puts things in order, he will feel calm.
If a person goes on a beach vacation, he will feel content.
If a person's and others's falls are similar, he and PersonY are both injured as a result.
A person enrolls in art school in order to learn more about art.
If a person cooks a perfect meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels she is being watched, he will feel scared.
If a person watches a film at the cinema, he is entertained as a result.
A person arranges items in order to make sure that the items are in order.
A person looks into the eyes of others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person breaks several bones, he will feel pain.
If a person goes to a night club, he has a good time as a result.
If a person enjoys a great feast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person drives a nice car, he will feel confident.
A person tends the pigeons in order to keep the pigeons healthy.
If a person crawls into bed with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is good with computers, he is good at programming as a result.
If a person enters a supermarket, he buys some groceries as a result.
If a person is not satisfied, he wants to get better.
If a person is unhappy with the reaction, he becomes angry as a result.
If a person becomes uneasy, he wants to feel better.
If a person and others ask questions, he and PersonY learn as a result.
If a person and others are taught well, he and PersonY are good students as a result.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he wants to be happy.
If a person gets upset about some bad news, he gets depressed as a result.
If a person starts to date again, he has a girlfriend as a result.
If a person and others get into a heated argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person finds refuge, he will feel at peace.
A person decides to change the subject in order to avoid a disagreement.
A person talks to Mitch in order to have a conversation with Mitch.
If a person prepares for the next step, he will feel motivated.
If a person suddenly becomes sympathetic, he wants to help.
If a person contemplates change, he decides to move as a result.
If a person considers a way out, he has a plan as a result.
If a person and others got married, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person is busy working hard in order to make money.
A person tries to placate others in order to be accepted by PersonY.
If a person babysits the kids, he gets to spend time with the kids as a result.
If a person gets puzzled, he wants to understand.
If a person has had a lot of days, he will feel tired.
If a person decides to go to school, he will feel motivated.
If a person regrets letting others down, he wants to make it up to PersonY.
If a person volunteers to be spokesperson, he will feel important.
If a person finds it difficult to cope, he will feel anxious.
A person travels frequently in order to see the world.
If a person receives e-mails, he will feel informed.
If a person is in a rut, he will feel depressed.
If a person makes a nice snack, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a feeling of urgency, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person carves wood, he will feel creative.
If a person wins for once, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person goes to his first circus, he will feel excited.
A person and others enjoy a walk in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he gets a good impression of the other person as a result.
If a person works on himself, he wants to be happy.
If a person likes to eat, he will feel full.
If a person practices music, he will feel inspired.
If a person begins the fight, he will feel determined.
If a person learns from an old man, he will feel enlightened.
If a person has a nice house, he will feel comfortable.
If a person claims to have misunderstood, he wants to clarify.
If a person knows his job well, he will feel competent.
If a person worries about his presentation, he wants to be prepared.
If a person helps others move his stuff, he will feel helpful.
If a person eats and drinks well, he will feel full.
If a person watches the game, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a hard time going to sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to investigate.
If a person teaches herself how to drive, he will feel competent.
If a person treats others to a nice meal, he will feel happy.
If a person is caught up in others's lie, he is hurt by PersonY's lie as a result.
A person joins others's team in order to work with PersonY.
If a person has enough of the present situation, he wants to leave.
If a person has important information, he wants to tell someone.
If a person recognizes that he's wrong, he will feel remorseful.
If a person decided to take a break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes on a tropical vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person does some web surfing, he will feel curious.
If a person has a new house built, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes much-needed break, he will feel rested.
If a person decides to confront the reality, he becomes more realistic as a result.
If a person takes an adventure, he wants to be more adventurous.
If a person corrects his posture, he will feel relaxed.
If a person discusses a theory, he wants to talk about it.
If a person and others settle the dispute, he will feel peaceful.
If a person wonders about the source of gravity, he wants to find out how gravity works.
If a person makes a good dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a part time job, he will feel pleased.
If a person beats others in a game, he will feel satisfied.
A person went to war in order to fight for his country.
A person prevents others from yelling in order to keep PersonY calm.
If a person talks to a lot of people, he will feel social.
If a person reads a great book, he learns something new as a result.
If a person plays with her new toy, he will feel happy.
If a person never has time, he is always busy as a result.
If a person moved into a new house, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes the restaurant, he goes there as a result.
If a person mixes up others’s emotions, he causes PersonY to feel bad as a result.
If a person finds the right words, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds someone special, he will feel content.
A person decides to go for a walk in order to enjoy the fresh air.
A person visits his sick father in order to help his father.
If a person ponders what will happen next, he will feel puzzled.
If a person practices their skill, he gets better at the skill as a result.
A person delivers his message in order to get his message across.
If a person considers possibilities, he will feel interested.
If a person regrets others's actions, he wants to stop PersonY from doing it again.
If a person takes steps to insure, he will feel secure.
If a person complains to supervisor, he will feel upset.
If a person smiles and waves at others, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a new perspective, he has a new outlook on life as a result.
If a person feels burdened by others, he wants to be free of PersonY.
A person initiates the exercise class in order to keep in shape.
If a person obtains help, he will feel supported.
A person throws party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person reads others’s opinion in order to understand PersonY’s opinion.
If a person is in a tight spot, he will feel tense.
If a person tries to learn a new word, he wants to know more.
A person fills out the census form in order to be counted.
If a person plants some trees, he wants to see the trees grow.
If a person confused, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person cleans everything thoroughly, he will feel clean.
If a person and others start seeing each other, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person learns how to shave, he has a clean shave as a result.
A person finds a new instrument in order to be able to play.
If a person does a nice thing for others, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers something shocking, he is upset as a result.
If a person studies others’s every move, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person mended his ways, he will feel happy.
A person works in his garden in order to be productive.
If a person makes up a plan, he will feel clever.
A person sends out a mass email in order to communicate with the world.
If a person looks for alternative ways, he wants to try something new.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he will feel excited.
If a person has fallen ill, he wants to see a doctor.
A person invites others out for coffee in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person raises a glass to others, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to stay, he will feel secure.
A person was playing in the garden in order to be active.
If a person reflects on it, he wants to remember it.
A person hears others's opinions in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person works out at the gym, he will feel fit.
If a person is doing the right thing, he will feel good.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he will feel energized.
A person gets out of the way in order to be left alone.
If a person thinks about others's welfare, he will feel sympathetic.
If a person lands a high-paying job, he will feel elated.
A person repairs the boiler in order to make the boiler work.
If a person turns a favorite music on, he will feel content.
If a person has been looking forward to trying food, he likes the food as a result.
A person goes to the meeting in order to be part of the meeting.
If a person crashes a motorcycle, he is injured as a result.
If a person and others walk along the beach, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person buys the food, he will feel pleased.
A person brings the kids in order to spend time with his children.
If a person is jittery, he wants to calm down.
If a person has a problem and asks for help, he is helped as a result.
A person is interested in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person is at home with the children, he wants to spend time with the children.
If a person took a cup of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person completes the task, he is seen as competent.
A person teaches others to live in order to help PersonY become a better person.
If a person resents the attempt to force her hand, he wants to avoid the problem.
If a person digs for the truth, he finds the truth as a result.
If a person does someone a good turn, he will feel happy.
A person buys his daughter something special in order to make his daughter happy.
If a person is bleeding profusely, he will feel pain.
If a person wears a nice skirt, he will feel pretty.
A person goes to the window in order to look outside.
If a person is at the chemist's, he wants to buy some medicine.
If a person decides to open up, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a happy ending, he will feel relieved.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he will feel ready.
A person acts on her own in order to be independent.
If a person buys the house of her dreams, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks of a new plan, he will feel determined.
If a person buys his new car, he will feel happy.
If a person joins others's circle of friends, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person finds that others is not well, he wants to take care of PersonY.
A person tries to keep out of reach in order to be independent.
If a person does something to help someone, he will feel pleased.
A person writes about his world in order to share his world with others.
If a person finally returns home, he wants to be with his family.
If a person gets instructions, he does what he is told as a result.
If a person worries that others may be late, he wants to be punctual.
If a person and others pose for a photo, he and PersonY get a great picture as a result.
If a person begins to tidy the garage, he will feel organized.
If a person joins the meeting, he wants to talk.
A person talks about his plans in order to share his plans with others.
If a person enjoys the taste of others's cooking, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes a womanizer, he has many women as a result.
If a person learns how to act like a man, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person acts as a mentor, he helps students as a result.
If a person has a late night out, he is hungover as a result.
A person goes to church in the morning in order to be spiritual.
If a person thinks others needs therapy, he tells PersonY to seek therapy as a result.
A person opens a college fund for others in order to give PersonY a better future.
If a person volunteers for an organization, he wants to help people.
A person reports the event in order to make sure that the event is known.
If a person wants to understand, he will feel determined.
A person makes a report to the police in order to do the right thing.
If a person finds a new path, he wants to follow it.
A person solves others's work quickly in order to help PersonY.
If a person knows that something's wrong, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person passes a fun evening, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has moved to the country, he has a rural lifestyle as a result.
If a person shows what he can do, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets involved in the investigation, he learns about crime as a result.
If a person and others have a picnic together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person resolves to start working out, he will feel excited.
If a person had a quarrel with others, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person takes on a new project, he will feel inspired.
If a person feels that he cannot tolerate, he wants to feel better.
If a person is efficient, he will feel good.
A person feeds others well in order to be good to PersonY.
If a person and others ride a bicycle, he and PersonY get exercise as a result.
If a person spends his time wisely, he will feel happy.
If a person makes something happen, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes responsibility for the success of an event, he will feel competent.
If a person is a little disconcerted, he wants to feel better.
If a person is worried about his taxes, he wants to work on his taxes.
A person is prepared for an important exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person is ready to listen, he will feel open.
A person heads over to others's place in order to be with PersonY.
If a person calls 911 for a strange smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person feels that something is odd, he wants to figure out what is going on.
If a person gets to a job interview, he wants to get a job.
A person repeats what others says in order to follow PersonY's advice.
If a person becomes accustomed to living on his own, he will feel at ease.
If a person is accosted by man, he feels threatened as a result.
A person sticks to the matter in order to do the right thing.
If a person has a wonderful weekend, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes love to his wife, he is pleased with his wife as a result.
If a person examines something on the ground, he will feel interested.
A person reads a lot of books in order to be well read.
A person gives others a minute in order to give PersonY a chance.
If a person considers others a threat, he wants to keep PersonY away.
If a person desires others's help, he is given advice as a result.
If a person reads a great deal, he will feel interested.
A person studies several languages in order to learn new languages.
A person and others make a trip to go camping in order to be in nature.
If a person really wants to learn a lot of things, he wants to study.
If a person feels admired, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is waiting for a phone call, he will feel anxious.
If a person lands a book contract, he will feel happy.
If a person’s marriage improves, he will feel relieved.
If a person has warm memories of others, he feels happy as a result.
If a person becomes a fixture in the community, he will feel appreciated.
If a person confronts others's decision, he wants to know why PersonY did it.
If a person becomes good at French, he becomes fluent in French as a result.
If a person had a nice evening, he will feel content.
If a person settles down with a wife, he will feel satisfied.
A person prepares to experiment in order to learn something new.
If a person has the presence of mind to think, he is smart as a result.
If a person listens to news, he is informed of the latest news as a result.
If a person learns to handle others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person grows close to others, he wants to stay with PersonY.
If a person takes the right information with him, he will feel confident.
If a person practices singing, he will feel motivated.
If a person went to the studio, he has a recording session as a result.
A person begins living alone in order to be independent.
If a person offers a counterargument, he wants to prove his point.
If a person puts on a party for her mom, he will feel excited.
If a person sees the correct answer, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to respect others, he wants to be like PersonY.
If a person plays well at basketball, he will feel pleased.
If a person checks the news, he will feel informed.
If a person's wallet is stolen, he wants to get his wallet back.
If a person works on an environmental project, he wants to save the planet.
If a person accidentally sends a message to the wrong person, he has to apologize as a result.
If a person makes a series of bad investments, he is seen as irresponsible.
A person builds a house in the suburbs in order to have a nice house.
A person sees a therapist in order to feel better.
If a person picks a venue, he is happy with the venue as a result.
If a person talks to Chantal, he has a good conversation with Chantal as a result.
If a person suffers from stress, he wants to relax.
If a person is afraid of getting sick, he will feel anxious.
If a person doesn't want to disappoint others, he wants to do his best.
A person works hard to find an alternative in order to be free.
If a person asks about others's well-being, he learns about PersonY's problems as a result.
A person asks others's mom in order to get to know PersonY's mom.
If a person buys a cake for dessert, he is pleased with the cake as a result.
If a person buys a ticket to hear a concert, he will feel pleased.
If a person procrastinates by watching TV, he does not finish his work as a result.
A person texts others a message in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person receives a degree, he will feel accomplished.
A person talks with others about it in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person sees a doctor when ill, he is prescribed medicine as a result.
A person studies others in order to know PersonY better.
If a person loves to be kind, he is kind to others as a result.
A person participates in a family gathering in order to be part of the family.
If a person refrains from arguing, he remains calm as a result.
If a person receives information, he knows something as a result.
If a person takes action in a moral way, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets bitten by a cobra, he is in pain as a result.
If a person greets others warmly, he will feel joyful.
If a person chooses to be courteous, he will feel good.
If a person gets tired of dealing with it, he stops trying to deal with it as a result.
If a person isn’t feeling well, he will feel miserable.
If a person's life has gotten much better, he will feel happy.
A person starts taking art classes in order to be an artist.
If a person listens to a report, he will feel interested.
If a person trains for years, he is seen as dedicated.
A person reports the event to the police in order to help the police.
If a person does some shouting, he will feel irritated.
A person is learning French in order to improve her language skills.
A person protests all over the world in order to make a difference.
If a person is confused about the assignment, he will feel anxious.
A person writes on the chalkboard in order to express his thoughts.
If a person gets extra glasses, he sees better as a result.
If a person takes the children for a ride, he has fun with the children as a result.
If a person decides to be more fashionable, he wants to wear clothes that are fashionable.
If a person tells a truth, he is believed as a result.
If a person finds a new beginning, he becomes happy as a result.
If a person looks up some information, he wants to learn more.
If a person does something fun, he will feel happy.
A person takes a hard stand in order to stand up for what he believes in.
If a person deals with the problem, he is seen as competent.
If a person organizes a game night, he gets together with his friends as a result.
A person helps others solve the problem in order to help PersonY.
A person signs up for a tournament in order to be competitive.
If a person bakes a meal, he will feel content.
If a person downloads a song, he will feel entertained.
A person drives to her sister's house in order to be there for her sister.
If a person takes the medication, he will feel calm.
A person cleans up his desk in order to be organized.
If a person finds a husband, he will feel content.
If a person cares about the environment, he helps the environment as a result.
A person started to fight back in order to protect himself.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he will feel peaceful.
If a person starts an international peace campaign, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person had better watch it, he wants to be careful.
A person practices new moves in order to be better.
A person decides to send a message in order to show the world what he thinks.
If a person gets a pair of shoes made, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys the spring breeze, he will feel refreshed.
If a person wins the trophy, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts the position, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks assistance, he is supported as a result.
A person stays in college in order to continue her education.
If a person achieves a goal, he will feel happy.
If a person is a reliable worker, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts to walk in order to move on.
If a person sleeps for long periods, he will feel rested.
If a person begins to learn to play the violin, he wants to be a violinist.
If a person shows up for Christmas, he wants to be with his family.
If a person hunts it down on the net, he is seen as diligent.
A person attempts to speak a foreign language in order to learn a new language.
If a person has bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person gets others to tell him something, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person receives confirmation, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets out of a fight, he will feel relieved.
If a person goes to have fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes a little walk by himself, he will feel free.
A person avoids jumping to conclusions in order to avoid unnecessary conflicts.
If a person practices her cheerleading routine, he will feel motivated.
If a person plans to do it, he will feel confident.
If a person works a long time, he is seen as diligent.
If a person changes his attitude toward work, he will feel motivated.
A person never stops it immediately in order to keep working.
If a person has lots of fun, he will feel content.
If a person drinks from the fountain, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is eager to complete a task, he completes the task as a result.
If a person takes a break from the past, he wants to move forward.
If a person listens in to a conversation, he wants to know what is being said.
A person provides information about the experiment in order to help the experiment.
If a person seeks to befriend others, he becomes friends with PersonY as a result.
If a person takes a week long vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person has a disagreement with a friend, he will feel angry.
A person takes a math class in order to learn more about math.
If a person and others talk about the trip, he and PersonY decide to go as a result.
A person helps a politician campaign in order to make a difference.
If a person has done the job, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to explain it to others in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person tells an interesting story, he will feel amused.
A person considers others's point of view in order to understand PersonY.
If a person gets to know people, he wants to know more people.
If a person succeeds at socializing, he makes friends as a result.
If a person tries to answer the question, he wants to get the answer right.
If a person dances on the beach, he will feel joyful.
A person and others look for a job in order to earn money and PersonY wants to be independent.
If a person flounders around, he will feel confused.
If a person lands a role in a school play, he will feel happy.
If a person defeats a foe, he will feel proud.
If a person starts to learn, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person helps to raise the children, he is seen as a good father.
If a person speaks and others listens, he will feel listened to.
A person tries to go back home in order to see his family.
If a person relaxes on a cruise, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to live without others, he is happy without PersonY as a result.
A person changes the furniture in the living room in order to make the living room look nice.
A person follows others’s instructions in order to do what PersonY says.
If a person regrets their action, he wants to not do it again.
If a person goes into therapy, he feels better as a result.
If a person prays fervently, he will feel inspired.
If a person regrets having said that, he wants to apologize.
If a person acts professionally, he will feel good.
If a person goes out for drinks with others, he will feel fun.
If a person takes a trip to the mountains, he enjoys the mountains as a result.
If a person recovers from his fall, he is back to his old self as a result.
If a person regrets buying the ticket, he wants to return the ticket.
If a person decides to adopt the baby, he will feel happy.
A person asks to accompany others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person comes over to visit, he wants to talk.
If a person goes for an early swim, he will feel refreshed.
A person goes into others's room in order to see PersonY.
If a person finds something new, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets her mistake, he wants to fix her mistake.
If a person has a party at home, he will feel pleased.
A person travels far in order to explore the world.
If a person needs to show proof, he will feel determined.
If a person uses what he is told, he will feel obedient.
If a person lives up to others's expectation, he will feel successful.
A person tells others to go for it in order PersonY to do his best.
If a person learns from the past, he wants to move on.
If a person offers a prayer of thanksgiving, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a package, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys a new set of furniture, he is happy with his new furniture as a result.
If a person observes other people, he will feel interested.
If a person and others finally make peace, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person becomes aware of a threat, he takes action as a result.
If a person acts normally, he will feel calm.
If a person sets off on a journey, he will feel excited.
A person takes his pet for a walk in order to spend time with his pet.
If a person's plans succeed, he will feel happy.
If a person questions the importance, he wants to know more.
If a person goes to synagogue, he learns to pray as a result.
If a person spends time at the beach, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to get work done, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds the perfect apartment, he will feel happy.
If a person has a friendly relationship with others, he will feel close.
If a person helps others build something, he will feel useful.
A person interviews someone in order to find out more about the person.
A person begins a new project in order to be productive.
If a person speaks about others's accomplishments, he praises PersonY as a result.
A person tells his wife that he loves her in order to be faithful to his wife.
If a person is changing, he wants to be more mature.
If a person convinces others to change his mind, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does not like the painting, he wants to get rid of the painting.
A person teaches her brother how to play a game in order to help her brother.
If a person sits alone, he is lonely as a result.
If a person visits a health center, he wants to be healthy.
If a person doesn’t like others's habit, he wants to get rid of PersonY's habit.
If a person receives a present from others, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a bright idea, he wants to do something new.
A person brings the cat to the vet in order to make sure the cat is okay.
If a person is involved in a fender bender, he wants to get his car fixed.
If a person recalls a negative event, he will feel upset.
If a person wins the case, he will feel pleased.
If a person is repeatedly beset, he will feel depressed.
If a person receives new information, he wants to use the information.
If a person reads an informative paper, he wants to learn more.
If a person prepares a tasty dinner, he is seen as good at cooking.
If a person stops by to check on others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person has a good night's sleep, he wakes up refreshed as a result.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person is having a good time, he will feel happy.
If a person feels bad about leaving others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person got a job, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps tabs on others, he will feel concerned.
A person writes a letter to an old friend in order to communicate with her friend.
If a person tries to forgive others, he will feel compassionate.
A person starts the contraption in order to get the machine working.
A person helps out at others's shop in order to be helpful.
If a person's luck is gone, he will feel down.
If a person discovers what he's looking for, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others danced, he and PersonY had fun as a result.
A person posts to the Internet in order to share her thoughts.
If a person examines the cause, he will feel curious.
A person tries to tell himself a story in order to have a coherent story.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he will feel elegant.
If a person finally sleeps well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finishes his job, he will feel accomplished.
A person spreads news in person in order to make a difference.
If a person does not know where to begin, he will feel lost.
If a person gets a big boost, he will feel proud.
A person will write a letter to others in order to be in contact with PersonY.
A person questions the authorities in order to know the truth.
If a person shares a birthday cake with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person finally gets some rest, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person is making plans, he wants to finish his plans.
If a person writes a great letter, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks through the cabinet, he will feel curious.
If a person considers others's ideas, he wants to listen to PersonY.
A person reads others’s research in order to understand PersonY’s research.
If a person is off to a slow start, he is struggling as a result.
If a person plans to get others a gift, he will feel happy.
If a person comes to agreement, he is happy as a result.
If a person observes the scene, he will feel curious.
If a person reads some great novels, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to take a shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person receives encouragement from others, he will feel inspired.
A person starts hanging out with others again in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person abuses substances, he gets addicted as a result.
If a person purchases it, he is satisfied as a result.
A person starts to make phone calls in order to be connected to the outside world.
A person visits Elaine in order to talk to Elaine.
A person joins a volunteer organization in order to help others.
If a person tries to stay out of trouble, he will feel safe.
If a person reads the newspaper daily, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person cannot endure his trouble, he wants to be free.
A person and others begin a hike in order to be active and PersonY wants to explore.
If a person eats his dessert, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels burdened by guilt, he wants to get rid of the guilt.
If a person finds new love, he will feel content.
A person takes English classes in order to improve her English.
If a person gives others a big hug, he will feel happy.
A person packs up and leaves in order to move on.
If a person cannot get comfortable, he will feel restless.
If a person eats out for dinner, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys baking cakes, he wants to bake more cakes.
A person starts taking medication in order to be well.
If a person informs the public, he is seen as honest.
If a person encounters a wise man, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is dressed for the beach, he will feel comfortable.
If a person preaches to a large crowd, he is a popular preacher as a result.
If a person eats a good dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does yoga exercises, he will feel relaxed.
If a person discovers the solution, he is happy as a result.
If a person has an important business deal, he will feel happy.
A person moves to a new neighborhood in order to be a part of a new community.
If a person studies abroad for six months, he gains experience as a result.
A person takes a lunch break in order to relax.
If a person starts hiking, he gains fitness as a result.
If a person can't get over it, he will feel depressed.
If a person speaks of the experiences, he wants to tell others.
If a person had a car accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person goes out to have fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes control of events, he is satisfied as a result.
A person walks down to the beach in order to enjoy the beach.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person feels a bit better, he will feel happy.
If a person reaches the summit, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a rest, he is refreshed as a result.
A person spends time at a job in order to be productive.
If a person finds that it is very uncomfortable, he will feel tense.
If a person has trouble with something, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person decides not to get angry, he is calm as a result.
If a person has something worth sharing, he will feel excited.
A person avoids going to the police in order to avoid trouble.
If a person tries to do some exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person starts living in the country, he gets used to country life as a result.
If a person pays attention to the wind, he will feel alert.
If a person and others eat some food, he and PersonY are full as a result.
If a person always says what he means, he will feel straightforward.
A person participates in a political march in order to be involved in the community.
If a person believes in the cause, he wants to see the cause succeed.
If a person thinks about becoming a gardener, he will feel motivated.
If a person ponders the question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person has been looking at the data, he has been learning the data as a result.
If a person works on a new sculpture, he will feel creative.
If a person becomes leader of a gang, he will feel powerful.
A person travels to a new location in order to be in a new environment.
If a person gets into a quarrel, he will feel annoyed.
If a person spends time on others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person likes to help out, he wants to be a good helper.
If a person's career takes off, he will feel excited.
If a person puts things in order, he will feel pleased.
If a person prepares to do some work, he will feel motivated.
If a person listens to others’s music, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds a place to live, he will feel pleased.
If a person sleeps under the stars, he gets a good night’s sleep as a result.
If a person makes good choices, he is happy as a result.
If a person believes in democracy, he wants to vote.
A person sends an e-mail to personY in order to communicate with personY.
If a person likes to meditate, he is calmer as a result.
If a person gets the chance, he will feel happy.
If a person overcomes fears, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person flirts with many people, he will feel excited.
If a person gets an A on a test, he will feel pleased.
If a person has an unpleasant encounter, he feels bad as a result.
A person takes others seriously in order to respect PersonY.
If a person asks to be reassured, he is reassured as a result.
If a person introduces a routine, he will feel comfortable.
If a person goes to an AA meeting, he is sober as a result.
If a person finds others repulsive, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person is unhappy with personY's offer, he wants to be offered a better offer.
If a person goes with her family to the beach, he has fun at the beach as a result.
If a person goes back to writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person develops a hobby, he wants to learn more about his hobby.
If a person loves to talk, he is a great conversationalist as a result.
If a person is afraid to get hurt, he wants to stay safe.
A person continues in their ways in order to do what they have always done.
If a person sees a comedian's performance, he will feel entertained.
If a person suffers from heartache, he will feel depressed.
If a person seizes the day, he will feel excited.
If a person explains what happened, he is seen as truthful.
If a person enjoys the company of other people, he gets along with others as a result.
If a person anticipates the next event, he wants to be prepared.
If a person learns to have fun, he will feel joyful.
A person studies more than last year in order to be a better student.
If a person overhears conversation, he learns something as a result.
If a person trains to be a masseuse, he gets better at massage as a result.
If a person wins another poetry prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person had a difficult day, he will feel tired.
If a person has a cash flow problem, he will feel worried.
A person continues studying statistics in order to become a statistician.
A person helps the team in order to be a team player.
If a person gets along very well with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person receives a blessing, he will feel uplifted.
If a person contemplates other possibilities, he will feel open.
A person practices listening in order to be a better listener.
A person works through things in order to get things done.
If a person begins planning, he is busy as a result.
If a person looks after himself, he gets healthier as a result.
If a person takes up painting, he gets better at painting as a result.
A person looks at the document in order to read the document.
If a person gets approval, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys a meal, he will feel content.
If a person hears a horror story, he will feel frightened.
If a person sells it at a profit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he decides to investigate as a result.
A person uses his senses in order to be more aware of his surroundings.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel excited.
If a person is yelled at by a strange person, he will feel annoyed.
If a person finally eats something, he will feel full.
If a person agrees to do it again, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts watching a new video, he will feel entertained.
If a person goes with his brother to a movie, he is entertained as a result.
A person works just as hard as others in order to be as good as PersonY.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he enjoys the meal as a result.
If a person had a medical issue, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person receives clarification, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes one of the activists, he will feel inspired.
If a person buys her a bike, he will feel pleased.
If a person purchases a new computer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person survives and thrives, he will feel confident.
If a person signs up for an evening class, he will feel motivated.
If a person helps personY, he will feel useful.
A person says what is on his mind in order to be open and honest.
If a person joins others's circle of friends, he will feel welcome.
If a person cleans up the office, he will feel organized.
If a person chooses to get involved, he will feel inspired.
If a person gains awareness, he will feel wise.
If a person focuses on detail, he will feel motivated.
If a person leads a charmed life, he will feel content.
If a person finds himself a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person buys a blouse, he is pleased with the blouse as a result.
If a person finds a lovely spot, he is pleased with the view as a result.
A person questions others's mother in order to get to know PersonY's mother.
If a person has a very difficult decision to make, he wants to choose wisely.
If a person admires others's ideas, he will feel encouraged.
If a person thinks they are in trouble, he wants to be out of trouble.
If a person attempts to discern information, he wants to find out more.
If a person refuses to be like everyone else, he will feel unique.
If a person works out at the health club, he will feel healthy.
If a person devises a schedule, he will feel organized.
If a person is involved in a political discussion, he learns about politics as a result.
A person takes action quickly in order to be decisive.
If a person gets congratulated, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a full-time job, he will feel content.
If a person reads others’s research, he knows more about PersonY’s research as a result.
If a person uses his brain, he will feel smart.
If a person completes a correspondence course, he will feel competent.
If a person shares advice with others, he will feel helpful.
A person fixes the pool in order to keep the pool clean.
If a person values others’s relationship, he wants to keep PersonY happy.
If a person has learned something, he will feel enlightened.
If a person and others enjoy drinking together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person looks others up on Facebook in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person gets his facts straight, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to her father in order to talk to her father.
A person checks whether others is fine in order to make sure PersonY is alright.
A person starts to think about what the salesman said in order to understand the salesman's point of view.
If a person is starting to learn, he will feel interested.
If a person smells a gas leak, he wants to stop the leak.
If a person can't stand looking at others, he avoids looking at PersonY as a result.
If a person receives assistance from others, he will feel comforted.
If a person sees something unusual, he wants to see what it is.
If a person is attacked by a pit bull, he will feel hurt.
If a person is injured in a fight, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person recalls something about her early childhood, he feels nostalgic as a result.
A person reveals that his intentions are good in order to help others.
If a person learns to be assertive, he is more confident as a result.
A person checks in at the health club in order to be healthy.
If a person decides to stay on the same job, he will feel confident.
If a person studies to pass the exam, he will feel determined.
If a person fights and wins, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is having a wonderful time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he is calm as a result.
If a person knows how to think, he is able to solve a problem as a result.
If a person has found a new hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person laments her mistakes, he wants to stop making mistakes.
If a person thanks others for kindness, he will feel pleased.
If a person acquires a new car, he is happy as a result.
A person tells others about the event in order to share the event with PersonY.
A person gives others a nice gift in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person plays sport, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes very good at reaching targets, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to listen to others in order to hear PersonY's opinion.
A person is in therapy in order to work on his issues.
A person takes up a job in order to make money.
If a person appreciates others’s recent work, he likes PersonY as a result.
A person invites others to his place in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person looks inside the locker in order to find out what is inside.
If a person dresses in a special outfit, he will feel elegant.
If a person proves that he's innocent, he will feel vindicated.
A person reads to the baby in order to teach the baby.
If a person receives congratulations, he will feel pleased.
A person went out for a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person likes physical activity, he will feel healthy.
If a person takes the right information with him, he will feel satisfied.
If a person listens to new music, he will feel intrigued.
If a person has a good job, he will feel confident.
If a person earns good money, he will feel successful.
If a person asks about her friend’s situation, he learns more about her friend as a result.
If a person gets a backrub, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes on a tropical vacation, he has a good time as a result.
If a person has written a book, he wants to publish the book.
If a person is now an adult, he has become a responsible adult as a result.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels a sense of duty, he wants to do his job.
If a person offers himself a treat, he feels happy as a result.
If a person has a vested interest in others's future, he will try to help PersonY as a result.
If a person does some babysitting, he learns to care for children as a result.
If a person stops by others’s house, he gets to see PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys a late-night snack, he will feel satisfied.
If a person met the standard, he will feel pleased.
If a person has already started working on it, he wants to finish it.
If a person is allergic to pollen, he wants to avoid pollen.
If a person thinks of consequences, he wants to do something about the consequences.
If a person is good at heart, he wants to be a good person.
If a person asked for help, he gets help as a result.
If a person leads the dance, he will feel in control.
If a person is watching a comedy, he will feel entertained.
If a person receives the text, he reads the text as a result.
If a person finds love at last, he will feel content.
A person tells her the whole story in order to be honest.
If a person gets a university degree, he is successful as a result.
If a person worries about the health of an animal, he wants to take care of the animal.
A person tries to read the letter in order to find out what the letter says.
If a person and others play in the yard, he will feel entertained.
If a person dances at a wedding, he will feel joyous.
If a person mends his relationship with others, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a promise from others, he will feel encouraged.
If a person fears what will happen, he wants to be safe.
If a person gets on with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person succeeds at life, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others pray together, he and PersonY are more religious as a result.
If a person tries to stick it out, he will feel determined.
If a person is shot by PersonZ, he will feel pain.
If a person gets a well-paying job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person purchases a new computer, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to stop the bleeding in order to save the patient.
A person wants to return home in order to be with his family.
If a person downloads songs from the internet, he will feel entertained.
If a person settles the matter, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person prepares a long-term plan, he wants to see the plan through.
If a person is concerned about his new task, he wants to get it done.
If a person begins to rehearse, he will feel motivated.
If a person starts taking a bath, he will feel refreshed.
A person prevents others from taking a day off in order to keep PersonY on the job.
If a person tells of great plans, he will feel excited.
If a person is surprised by a cold wind, he will feel chilled.
If a person gets over his fever, he will feel relieved.
A person asks a very good question in order to be better informed.
If a person is frustrated with how they are feeling, he wants to feel better.
If a person thinks of himself as a fighter, he wants to get stronger.
If a person continues to do, he will feel determined.
If a person entertains herself, he will feel happy.
If a person considers more carefully what others said, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person completes a list, he will feel accomplished.
If a person wins a special prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person suffers loss, he will feel devastated.
A person writes letters for his mother in order to help his mother.
If a person solves the problem for others, he will feel accomplished.
A person invites others to a get-together in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person sets off for others’s office, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person gets a pat on the back, he will feel happy.
If a person finds something of value, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes progress toward a goal, he will feel confident.
If a person raises his arm and is shot, he will feel in pain.
A person changes channels in order to watch a different show.
If a person fends off attackers, he survives as a result.
If a person starts living a better life, he will feel hopeful.
If a person and others take action, he and PersonY get results as a result.
A person tries to keep out of reach in order to be left alone.
If a person spends time with their dog, he feels closer to their dog as a result.
If a person realizes that he or she is wrong, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person is being chased by a monster, he will feel scared.
If a person learns to have fun, he will feel happy.
If a person gets the promotion, he will feel happy.
A person discusses the cause in order to understand the problem.
If a person continues to walk, he will feel motivated.
If a person reads from the Bible, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is appointed to a job, he will feel pleased.
If a person convinces others to look, he will feel successful.
If a person became a citizen, he can vote as a result.
If a person sits down and starts reading, he will feel interested.
If a person wins the girl, he will feel triumphant.
If a person studies for the examination, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes very confused, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person gets his man, he will feel victorious.
A person puts on his charm in order to impress the people he meets.
A person is in a doctor's office in order to have a medical checkup.
If a person welcomes others to the team, he will feel happy.
If a person overcomes the obstacles, he will feel triumphant.
If a person starts to improve, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person has time to think, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gets ready to start again, he will feel excited.
A person checks into a hospital in order to get better.
A person went to the library in order to read a book.
If a person thanks others for the show of support, he feels better as a result.
If a person buys a house for herself, he is happy as a result.
If a person hears a mysterious noise, he investigates the noise as a result.
If a person meets someone they've wanted to meet, he will feel pleased.
A person begins to meditate in order to feel calm.
If a person starts to do a good job, he will feel confident.
A person took a job working at a theatre in order to be a part of the theatre.
If a person handles a crisis, he will feel competent.
If a person hears good news about others, he is happy for PersonY as a result.
If a person gets trained by a master, he will feel challenged.
A person goes on a walk with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person begins work on a new project, he will feel motivated.
A person checks in on  in order to make sure PersonX is okay.
A person asks for medical advice in order to be well informed.
If a person is accustomed to finding things for herself, he will feel independent.
A person tries to wake up early in order to be productive.
If a person gets a well-paying job, he is happy as a result.
If a person considers various possibilities, he will feel curious.
If a person learns to speak Dutch, he is more fluent in Dutch as a result.
If a person’s feelings are hurt, he will feel angry.
If a person is recognized for abilities, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person and others are watching TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person is at the right place, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a walk, he will feel content.
If a person finds himself in danger, he will feel frightened.
If a person finishes many things, he will feel productive.
If a person experiences romance, he will feel happy.
A person goes to the gallery in order to see the art.
If a person has planned for this, he will feel determined.
If a person joins a class, he will feel motivated.
If a person worries about a relapse, he wants to be healthy.
If a person makes peace with God, he will feel content.
If a person looks over the article, he wants to read the article.
If a person goes to the country fair, he enjoys the fair as a result.
If a person knows much, he is well-informed as a result.
A person puts in extra time in order to do a good job.
If a person makes a deal, he will feel pleased.
A person reads from others's paper in order to know what PersonY wrote.
If a person finishes many things, he is successful as a result.
If a person and others join an organization, he and PersonY become more active as a result.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he will feel satisfied.
A person meets his friends for a party in order to spend time with his friends.
A person thinks about going to the beach in order to relax.
If a person wants to know the news, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person looks for help from their neighbours, he gets some help as a result.
If a person practices to avoid depression, he will feel calm.
If a person gets his work done, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets the ball rolling, he will feel pleased.
If a person searches for the truth, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes good on his word, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a safe space, he will feel peaceful.
If a person calls for a study group, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets his way, he will feel successful.
If a person is profiled by the media, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person takes a course on philosophy, he wants to study philosophy.
If a person sees that others is confused, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person discovered a possible mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
A person considers a situation in order to think before acting.
A person allows you to cry on her shoulder in order to be there for you.
If a person starts drinking a beer, he will feel drunk.
If a person takes his shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person buys tickets to an event, he will feel excited.
If a person realizes the need for something, he will feel determined.
A person is open in order to be honest.
A person and others are planning to go camping in order to be outdoors and PersonY wants to spend time with PersonX.
If a person is sick and tired of life, he wants to die.
If a person practices their aim, he improves their aim as a result.
If a person is hurt and needs help, he is treated as a result.
A person records a message in order to communicate with the outside world.
If a person wins her back, he will feel happy.
If a person considers his choices, he wants to do what he wants.
If a person finishes her project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finds that his value system no longer works, he wants to change his values.
If a person finds a group to support his recovery, he feels better as a result.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he is admired by his peers as a result.
A person works without stopping in order to get the job done.
If a person fends off an assailant, he survives as a result.
If a person sees his shoes are untied, he wants to tie his shoes.
A person and others buy an ice cream in order to enjoy the taste of ice cream.
A person visits the cold region in order to learn about the cold region.
If a person finds himself in danger, he will feel scared.
If a person regrets what he's done, he wants to apologize.
If a person gets some time off, he is rested as a result.
If a person is excellent at his job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person puts on a suit, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person sets up business, he has success as a result.
A person meets face to face with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person attends a performance in order to enjoy the arts.
If a person worries about his bills, he will feel tense.
If a person sees something of interest, he wants to go see it.
If a person gets annoyed at someone, he wants to tell someone off.
If a person removes obstacles, he will feel victorious.
If a person drives to the store, he buys groceries as a result.
If a person reads newspaper, he will feel interested.
If a person continues training, he wants to get stronger.
A person leaves the place in order to go to a new place.
If a person is good at maintaining friendships, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets to know others better, he will feel connected.
If a person regrets an argument, he apologizes as a result.
If a person hears some interesting news, he will feel amused.
If a person discusses philosophical ideas, he will feel curious.
If a person is a little disconcerted, he wants to be reassured.
If a person has something delicious, he will feel happy.
If a person suspects that the photograph has been tampered with, he wants to investigate.
If a person obtains a position, he will feel accomplished.
A person talks on the phone to others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person is a good example to others, he gets the respect of PersonY as a result.
If a person worries about others's well-being, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person tries to be articulate, he improves his speaking skills as a result.
If a person does his duty, he will feel loyal.
A person speaks to his sister on the phone in order to hear his sister's voice.
If a person reads magazines and drinks beer, he will feel stimulated.
If a person accepts advice from others, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person is willing to take the challenge, he wants to win.
If a person asks for medical advice, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person gets more education, he will feel enlightened.
If a person takes it seriously, he wants to be a serious person.
If a person becomes accustomed to a job, he will feel at ease.
If a person sees potential gains, he will feel hopeful.
If a person does something nice for others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person is offered a very good job, he is very happy as a result.
If a person continues to grow up, he will feel strong.
A person works on himself in order to be healthy.
If a person puts an end to others's plans, he will feel victorious.
A person takes more trips in order to see the world.
If a person makes progress on her project, he will feel pleased.
If a person's hopes were realized, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets used to the snow, he will feel content.
If a person goes to see a video at the public library, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets exhausted, he wants to rest.
If a person is unhappy with the results of a medical test, he wants to have the test redone.
If a person finds the evidence he needs, he will feel victorious.
If a person has a negative emotional experience, he feels depressed as a result.
A person goes off on his own in order to be free.
If a person has become successful, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins reading, he will feel interested.
A person heads to the club in order to dance.
If a person practices dance, he will feel energetic.
If a person drinks two beers, he will feel inebriated.
If a person works on multiple projects, he will feel productive.
A person makes adjustments to a table in order to make the table better.
If a person is awarded a prize, he is happy as a result.
A person thought about going to church in order to be spiritual.
If a person reaches her goals, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does something he regrets, he wants to do something different.
If a person is announced as the next leader, he will feel powerful.
A person writes a new song in order to express himself.
If a person goes back to school, he learns more as a result.
A person is always on the move in order to stay active.
If a person is sensitive to others's feelings, he will feel compassionate.
If a person talks to a sympathetic ear, he will feel supported.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he will feel peaceful.
A person makes a journey in order to explore the world.
If a person buys a good car, he will feel pleased.
If a person has the upper hand, he will feel powerful.
A person starts up the engine in order to get the car moving.
A person promises to clean the floors in order to be tidy.
If a person worries about getting sick, he wants to be healthy.
If a person keeps trying, he will feel determined.
If a person has an enjoyable time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person plans for the journey, he will feel motivated.
If a person is awfully calm, he will feel content.
If a person plays with it, he will feel intrigued.
If a person works hard to get his diploma, he graduates as a result.
If a person makes a big deal, he will feel confident.
If a person is appointed to the job, he will feel happy.
If a person drinks his coffee, he will feel awake.
If a person becomes more connected to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person talks with others's neighbor, he gets to know PersonY's neighbor as a result.
If a person enjoys spending time with family, he will feel content.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he will feel excited.
If a person appears on TV as the forecaster, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he will feel anxious.
If a person relives it constantly, he will feel upset.
If a person shops for video games, he will feel entertained.
If a person is qualified for the task, he gets the job as a result.
If a person gets a bad experience, he will feel disappointed.
If a person tends to his garden, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has received money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives training, he improves his skills as a result.
A person leaves his father’s house in order to be independent.
A person rereads Jane Eyre in order to learn more about Jane Eyre.
A person tries to run away in order to get away from his problems.
If a person creates his own blog, he will feel creative.
If a person is tired of the situation, he wants to leave.
If a person sings with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to the ocean, he will feel peaceful.
If a person takes over another territory, he will feel powerful.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he will feel calm.
If a person finally gets an answer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is worried about the outcome, he wants to do something about it.
A person starts to open his mouth in order to be able to talk.
If a person doubts whether others loves her, he wants to be sure PersonY loves her.
A person works out at a gym in order to be healthy.
If a person and others like one another, he will feel satisfied.
If a person exercises every day, he is seen as disciplined.
A person studies several languages in order to be fluent in several languages.
If a person will find it hard to accept, he will be upset as a result.
If a person needs legal advice, he wants to get a lawyer.
If a person is confronted by an enemy, he will feel threatened.
If a person volunteers to help the homeless, he will feel pleased.
If a person is an effective teacher, he is appreciated by his students as a result.
If a person has an argument with his wife, he will feel angry.
A person manages others’s work flow in order to keep PersonY on track.
If a person sings along with music, he will feel excited.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he solves the problem as a result.
A person takes the baby for a walk in order to spend time with the baby.
If a person eats a hearty breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person asks someone for help, he is helped as a result.
If a person believes others's instructions, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person plans a surprise party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person stands up to the bully, he will feel courageous.
If a person beats the first boss, he will feel triumphant.
If a person comes to like others more, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person visits his old home, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person changes into running clothes, he will feel ready.
If a person prepares a special meal, he will feel content.
If a person comes up to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person passes the job interview, he wants to work for the company.
If a person dresses up for work, he will feel elegant.
If a person is playing with the kids, he has a good time as a result.
If a person addresses a question to someone in the audience, he wants to know the answer.
A person treats others's illness in order to help PersonY.
A person studies jazz dance in order to become a better dancer.
A person joins a new gym in order to get fit.
If a person fixes it up, he will feel good.
A person had been reading up on the subject in order to know more about the subject.
If a person reads a science article, he learns something new as a result.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he is confident as a result.
If a person entertains a guest, he will feel amused.
If a person organizes a celebration, he will feel accomplished.
If a person tastes others's cooking, he likes PersonY's cooking as a result.
If a person does a better job, he will feel confident.
A person buys a birthday present for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person begins work on a new project in order to be productive.
If a person becomes an adult, he becomes a responsible adult as a result.
If a person speaks at a public gathering, he is seen as articulate.
A person focuses on the drawing in order to finish the drawing.
A person tries to change in order to be a better person.
If a person is a worthless asshole, he is disliked by others as a result.
If a person shows others a good example, he gets praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person can't get over it, he will feel frustrated.
If a person begins to feel something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person thinks about a serious problem, he is concerned about the problem as a result.
If a person attends a cocktail party, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person has bought a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person bets on himself, he will feel confident.
If a person tests his reflexes, he will feel challenged.
If a person has a good time in the park, he will feel content.
A person quit the team in order to be independent.
If a person's life changes for the better, he will feel joyful.
If a person puts on his charm, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes a leader, he will feel powerful.
A person is getting ready to move in order to start a new life.
If a person obtains employment, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds success, he is pleased as a result.
If a person considers consequences, he wants to be considerate.
If a person takes down the suspect, he will feel triumphant.
If a person helps to decorate others's house, he will feel helpful.
A person decides to try new things in order to be creative.
If a person finds something appealing, he purchases the item as a result.
If a person has a surprise party, he will feel happy.
If a person is known by all people, he is well-liked as a result.
A person asks someone in order to know more about a topic.
If a person tries to stay on course, he will feel determined.
If a person walks over to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person tries to solve the mystery, he will feel motivated.
If a person feels very bad about his condition, he will feel depressed.
If a person works to accomplish a goal, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes advantage of a shower, he will feel clean.
If a person has come to the right place, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person plays with the ducklings, he gets to know the ducklings as a result.
If a person learns to play tennis, he is good at tennis as a result.
If a person watches funny videos, he will feel amused.
If a person wants others to help him, he gets help from PersonY as a result.
A person begins training in his new job in order to be ready for the new job.
If a person calls his own attention to it, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person gets some payback, he will feel satisfied.
A person succeeds in looking well in order to be well groomed.
If a person takes the upper hand, he will feel confident.
A person does his work in order to do his best.
If a person joins club, he gets to know other members as a result.
If a person goes to the rescue, he saves a life as a result.
If a person made use of a special opportunity, he will feel happy.
If a person swims at the gym, he gets fit as a result.
A person goes to visit her parents in order to spend time with her family.
If a person sticks with his plan, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes a success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person investigates a secret hideaway, he wants to find out more about the hideaway.
If a person has the good life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reaches out to others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person gets his man, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets used to his situation, he will feel relieved.
A person takes over the driving in order to be in control.
If a person gets into the gym, he wants to be in shape.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person knows exactly how to manipulate others, he gets PersonY to do what she wants as a result.
If a person doesn't like to hurt others, he does not harm PersonY as a result.
If a person has received some important news, he will feel excited.
A person keeps contact with others in order to stay in touch with PersonY.
A person cleans the pool in order to have a clean pool.
If a person and others hug and kiss, he will feel happy.
A person hires a trainer in order to improve his fitness.
If a person goes out to meet others, he is interested in PersonY as a result.
If a person opens up his mind, he wants to share his ideas.
If a person became sick, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person's hands are cold, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person confronts his father in order to get answers.
If a person gets by with a little help from her friends, he will feel supported.
If a person cares for others's feeling, he wants to make PersonY feel better.
A person does household chores in order to make the house clean.
If a person heads over to others's place, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person performs one good deed, he will feel happy.
A person listens to someone’s problems in order to help someone.
If a person pulls others aside, he wants to tell PersonY something.
If a person hurts his back again, he is in pain as a result.
If a person attracts interest from others, he is popular as a result.
If a person takes over others's family business, he will feel in charge.
If a person has passed his exams, he is happy as a result.
A person respects others's thoughts in order to understand PersonY.
If a person was involved in a car accident, he was injured as a result.
If a person consults the doctor, he wants to get better.
If a person searches for alternatives, he wants to try new things.
If a person sees the problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person goes out for a vacation, he has a good time as a result.
If a person suffers a shock, he will feel distressed.
A person prepares to drive away in order to be independent.
If a person takes precautions, he is safe as a result.
If a person overcomes the obstacle, he will feel accomplished.
A person tries to write in order to be creative.
If a person is well, he will feel content.
If a person gets hired for a job, he will feel pleased.
If a person is the champion, he will feel proud.
If a person is thinking about it, he is unsure as a result.
If a person sees what is going on, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person is into developing software, he wants to work on his own project.
If a person continues to learn, he becomes more intelligent as a result.
A person helps others a second time in order to be helpful.
A person visits his former neighbour in order to talk to his former neighbour.
A person listens to the world in order to be in tune with the world.
If a person calls others’s cell phone, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person finds the suspect, he will feel victorious.
If a person got a new job, he will feel happy.
A person tries to forget the fight in order to move on.
A person calls others's cellphone in order to speak to PersonY.
If a person couldn’t take it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person likes to fix things, he is good at fixing things as a result.
If a person experiences a fall, he is injured as a result.
If a person tries to bring others to justice, he will feel determined.
If a person plays guitar, he is good at guitar as a result.
If a person believes that others is the problem, he wants to find out what PersonY is doing.
If a person finishes writing the story, he will feel accomplished.
If a person remembers a time, he wants to remember it.
If a person likes to walk in the city, he will feel relaxed.
If a person studies under others, he learns how to study as a result.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel happy.
If a person longs for his mom, he wants to talk to his mom.
If a person is worried about her mother, he wants to be with her mother.
If a person is reminded of a painful past, he will feel hurt.
If a person decides to take the job, he will feel happy.
If a person eats his meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is of strong moral character, he wants to do good.
If a person declares a day of rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds the right job, he will feel happy.
If a person is accepted into a new circle of friends, he will feel happy.
If a person works on himself, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person plans to stay here, he will feel content.
If a person is making progress with writing a book, he will feel motivated.
If a person spends time in prayer, he feels more spiritual as a result.
If a person decides to buy it, he will feel happy.
If a person stops worrying, he will feel peaceful.
If a person outruns others, he will feel victorious.
If a person is enthusiastic about others's idea, he wants to work on the idea.
If a person is moved by compassion, he wants to help others.
If a person holds a conversation, he wants to talk to other people.
If a person takes a second to consider the way things are, he will feel thoughtful.
A person puts on a wonderful show in order to entertain the audience.
If a person cooks a whole feast, he will feel pleased.
A person studies frequently in order to do well in school.
If a person becomes exhausted, he wants to sleep.
If a person continues to go for his degree, he gets a degree as a result.
If a person looks up a video, he will feel interested.
If a person learns new techniques, he will feel competent.
If a person exercises every day, he wants to be healthy.
If a person tries others’s soup, he likes PersonY’s soup as a result.
A person avoids all people for days in order to be alone.
If a person reads a book in the tub, he is entertained as a result.
If a person decides to go to the party, he will feel excited.
If a person is learning to dance, he has fun dancing as a result.
If a person is forced to apologize, he will feel ashamed.
If a person considers what to do, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he will feel interested.
If a person has new plans for the future, he is optimistic as a result.
If a person is making improvements, he will feel confident.
A person visits his folks in order to spend time with his family.
If a person is injured in a fight, he is taken to the hospital as a result.
If a person lives with guilt, he will feel anxious.
If a person worries that they are being followed, he becomes paranoid as a result.
A person stays in college in order to get a degree.
A person sends others off to be alone in order to give PersonY some space.
If a person's plans succeed, he will feel confident.
If a person uses his money wisely, he will feel successful.
If a person has a surprise party, he is happy as a result.
If a person has an enjoyable time, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps his head, he will feel calm.
If a person is interested in reading, he reads more as a result.
If a person has a good career, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person notices others is absent, he wants to know why PersonY is absent.
If a person keeps things running, he will feel competent.
If a person overcomes the challenge, he will feel confident.
If a person learns about divorce laws, he wants to know more about divorce laws.
A person invites others for a walk in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is being threatened, he is frightened as a result.
A person takes others's time in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is missing something, he wants to find it.
If a person finds something really annoying, he wants to do something about it.
If a person manages to show how it works, he wants to show others how it works.
A person studies the stars in order to know more about the universe.
If a person reads a book on child psychology, he gains insight into child psychology as a result.
A person speaks up at the meeting in order to be heard.
If a person laments an unhealthy habit, he wants to stop.
If a person was the inventor of, he is recognized for his invention as a result.
If a person has a different idea, he wants to change the situation.
If a person listens to many people, he is seen as a good listener.
If a person trains for a marathon, he will feel fit.
A person continues playing piano in order to practice.
A person decides to start a business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person speaks to the press, he gets publicity as a result.
If a person's battery runs down, he wants to replace the battery.
If a person leaves the job, he wants to work at a different job.
If a person gets a client, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes out with a girl, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a house, he will feel pleased.
If a person happens to fall down, he is injured as a result.
If a person does a lot of research, he is seen as studious.
If a person finds a new energy source, he will feel renewed.
A person decides to start her own business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person spends on something nice, he will feel satisfied.
If a person agrees to a plan, he is happy as a result.
A person considers trying it in order to see what it's like.
If a person has some bad news, he will feel disappointed.
If a person orders a special coffee, he will feel pleased.
A person comes up with a back-up plan in order to be prepared for any eventuality.
If a person finds what he was looking for, he will feel successful.
If a person gains support, he will feel secure.
If a person helps save the business, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has strong beliefs, he wants to be right.
If a person’s friends are supportive, he will feel comfortable.
If a person studies life, he learns to live as a result.
If a person is the champion, he will feel happy.
If a person leads a healthy lifestyle, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fears that he will be hit, he will feel anxious.
If a person finds the right job, he is happy as a result.
If a person submits a resume, he wants to get a job.
If a person puts his affairs in order, he will feel calm.
If a person gets soup, he will feel nourished.
If a person receives a nice reward, he is pleased as a result.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to improve her life.
If a person enjoys alone time, he will feel calm.
A person is a good planner in order to be ready for the future.
If a person examines something, he will feel curious.
If a person may be in trouble, he will feel worried.
If a person cannot bear it any longer, he wants to quit.
If a person is in great shape, he will feel strong.
A person considers moving away in order to be independent.
If a person’s favorite TV show comes on, he will feel excited.
If a person relaxes at home, he is happy as a result.
If a person completes a job, he will feel successful.
If a person gets job promotion, he will feel happy.
If a person has many loving friends, he is loved by many as a result.
If a person is wearing expensive clothes, he will feel stylish.
A person commits to the activity in order to get the job done.
If a person gets coffee at Starbucks, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finally stands up to others, he will feel strong.
If a person has a bad fall, he is injured as a result.
If a person receives the winning award, he is pleased as a result.
If a person practices hard, he will feel determined.
A person returns to her parents' home in order to see her parents.
If a person is handling a job well, he will feel confident.
If a person got into an argument, he will feel upset.
If a person reads some books, he will feel motivated.
If a person walks home after a long night, he is tired as a result.
If a person receives attention, he will feel respected.
If a person and others goes to the gym, he wants to exercise and PersonY wants to be healthy.
If a person gets complimented, he will feel good.
If a person hops in the shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person is ready to learn in order to be better.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel joyful.
If a person wants to pay attention, he wants to do his homework.
If a person finds inner peace, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a career out of it, he is happy as a result.
A person keeps a home, work, and school schedule in order to have a routine.
If a person reads an adventure story, he will feel curious.
A person studies the anatomy of a hen in order to understand the hen.
A person travels to a new location in order to explore new territory.
If a person goes on a field trip, he learns about a new subject as a result.
A person promises to come on time in order to be reliable.
If a person excuses herself, he wants to be alone.
If a person has a successful project, he will feel proud.
If a person undergoes therapy, he wants to be better.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel thrilled.
If a person has a job offer, he will feel confident.
If a person speaks with her son, he learns about her son as a result.
If a person and others make peace, he will feel calm.
If a person takes good care of himself, he will feel healthy.
If a person attempts to understand someone, he wants to understand more.
If a person decides to open up, he will feel free.
If a person is given a bath, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is allowed to work independently, he will feel independent.
If a person appreciates others’s recent work, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person has a great meal, he feels great as a result.
If a person takes an architectural tour, he is interested in architecture as a result.
If a person visits the market, he buys food as a result.
If a person is in charge of his life, he will feel secure.
If a person feels oppressed, he wants to feel free.
If a person has had enough of all this, he wants to leave.
If a person has been given a drink, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tells it to everyone, he is seen as confident.
A person tries something he or she has never done before in order to try something new.
A person picks up others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person snatches up some food in order to be full.
If a person goes on holiday to the mountains, he will feel happy.
If a person receives great news, he is happy as a result.
A person gets a chance to say something in order to express his feelings.
If a person attends a symphony, he will feel cultured.
If a person speaks at length, he is seen as persuasive.
A person tells others she is happy in order to share her happiness with PersonY.
A person consults the help page in order to know how to do something.
If a person holds a position, he will feel powerful.
If a person seems to have caught a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person takes on an important role, he will feel valued.
A person tries to look around in order to explore the city.
A person attends to a family matter in order to be there for his family.
If a person has trouble with something, he will feel worried.
If a person participates in a sport, he will feel competitive.
If a person looks at the picture, he will feel curious.
If a person finds out what's happening, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person gives himself a raise, he will feel pleased.
If a person is an upstanding member of society, he will feel admired.
If a person is exposed to a new culture, he will feel curious.
If a person and others want to go dancing, he will feel energetic.
If a person's plans succeed, he is happy as a result.
If a person is very good at her job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns from one's mistakes, he learns to be a better person as a result.
If a person is beautiful and well-spoken, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks others is doing something, he wants to find out what PersonY is doing.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he becomes more independent as a result.
If a person experiences an unfavorable outcome, he is upset as a result.
If a person studies the information, he will feel interested.
If a person takes over something for herself, he will feel independent.
A person learns to speak French in order to improve her language skills.
A person attends dance class in order to improve her dancing.
If a person helps at the restaurant, he will feel useful.
If a person goes on a bicycle ride, he gets exercise as a result.
A person travels cross-country in order to experience new things.
If a person gets into another jam, he will feel stressed.
If a person tells it as it is, he will feel truthful.
If a person pays someone a compliment, he will feel good.
A person tries to be more open in order to connect with others.
A person cleans up after dinner in order to be tidy.
A person works on a mathematical problem in order to understand the problem.
If a person regrets neglecting others, he apologizes to PersonY as a result.
If a person rests a while, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets information, he will feel enlightened.
A person often works out in order to be healthy.
If a person gets approval, he will feel happy.
If a person feels like she can’t compete, he will feel discouraged.
A person decides to take a hike in order to be in nature.
If a person looks through a file, he will feel curious.
If a person has a very good time, he will feel joyful.
A person does it in a way that suits others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person regrets that her room is not tidy, he wants to tidy her room.
If a person tests his idea, he wants to see if it works.
If a person gets interviewed by the media, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person finds a child crying on the street, he will feel concerned.
If a person reunites with Emily, he will feel happy.
If a person has a bedtime story read to him, he will feel happy.
A person contacts others in order to help PersonY.
A person passes on to others a note in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person gets out of a jam, he will feel relieved.
If a person is freed from someone's control, he is able to move on as a result.
If a person has many projects, he will feel busy.
If a person wins in a race, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives some good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person sorts the mail, he will feel productive.
If a person shows the enemy who's boss, he will feel confident.
If a person buys a video game, he is entertained as a result.
If a person does something he regrets, he is ashamed as a result.
A person looks him up online in order to know more about him.
If a person reads philosophy, he learns to think as a result.
A person practices boxing in order to improve his skills.
If a person gets stressed, he will feel frustrated.
A person tries to sneak out of the house in order to be independent.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel motivated.
If a person practices an art form, he improves his skill as a result.
If a person comes out on top, he will feel triumphant.
If a person does a wrong thing, he will feel bad.
A person is persuaded to see a specialist in order to be well.
A person tells the other guy to go for it in order the other guy to do his best.
If a person outraces a truck, he will feel triumphant.
If a person keeps the peace, he will feel in control.
If a person solves all the puzzles, he will feel accomplished.
A person visits a health center in order to get healthy.
If a person find love, he will feel happy.
If a person is disturbed by what he sees, he will feel anxious.
A person gets a shower in order to feel clean.
A person tells others about the video game in order to share the video game with PersonY.
If a person learns to get along with others, he will feel respected.
If a person is in a car crash, he is injured as a result.
If a person is also interested in singing, he wants to learn how to sing.
If a person goes to the market with others, he wants to buy something.
A person builds a car for himself in order to be independent.
If a person begins cooking, he will feel productive.
If a person struggles with an obstacle, he will feel frustrated.
A person studies hard for a test in order to get good grades.
If a person eats a very tasty dinner, he is full as a result.
If a person shows concern for personY, he wants to help the person.
If a person makes a tasty meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to shake, he will feel scared.
If a person changes the furniture in the living room, he makes the living room look better as a result.
If a person learns to do something quickly, he will feel competent.
If a person makes a valuable business decision, he will feel successful.
If a person watches TV in the evening, he will feel entertained.
If a person manages to persuade others, he will feel successful.
If a person explores the surroundings, he learns about the area as a result.
If a person makes the correct decision, he will feel successful.
If a person can handle himself, he is able to protect himself as a result.
A person wants to come home in order to be close to his family.
If a person examines the product, he will feel curious.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he will feel excited.
If a person eats again, he will feel full.
If a person meets her, he gets to know her as a result.
A person invites some friends to dinner in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person makes love to , he is satisfied as a result.
If a person starts a nonprofit organization, he wants to help people.
If a person receives a shocking phone call, he is in shock as a result.
If a person dreads falling, he wants to avoid falling.
A person considers traveling in order to explore the world.
If a person gets the work out of the way, he will feel ready.
If a person buys a new car, he will feel excited.
If a person joins an Alcoholics Anonymous group, he wants to stop drinking.
If a person sets sail from England, he wants to see the world.
A person attends a comic conference in order to learn more about comic books.
A person and others set off together in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is at church, he will feel holy.
If a person is very serious about her work, he will feel confident.
A person tells the chef to reheat the food in order to make sure the food is ready.
A person does all he can in order to make the best of his situation.
If a person went to a concert, he will feel happy.
If a person searches for help, he wants to find a solution.
If a person buys a house for himself, he will feel happy.
If a person has a successful new year, he is happy as a result.
If a person recalls his previous years, he has fond memories as a result.
If a person comes to grips with something, he will feel at peace.
If a person practices cooking, he gets better at cooking as a result.
If a person watches the birds at the window, he will feel curious.
A person has been to the gym in order to be healthy.
A person sticks to the matter in order to get the job done.
If a person discovers how to make money, he is successful as a result.
A person tries to strike a deal in order to get a good deal.
A person checks in order to be sure.
If a person has another beer, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person subscribes to a periodical, he is interested in the subject as a result.
If a person beats others at a race, he will feel triumphant.
If a person becomes more assertive, he will feel in control.
A person cleans a room in order to be tidy.
If a person carries on a conversation, he will feel involved.
A person joins in with others's plans in order to help PersonY.
If a person became sick, he is treated as a result.
If a person cannot endure this anymore, he will feel desperate.
If a person enjoys others’s company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person checks the voicemail, he listens to the message as a result.
If a person finds something significant, he will feel satisfied.
If a person keeps himself fit, he will feel energetic.
If a person can't remember where to go, he will feel lost.
A person picks up the cat in order to care for the cat.
If a person gets right to the point, he will feel understood.
If a person succeeds at losing weight, he will feel happy.
If a person asks for employment, he gets a job as a result.
A person keeps watch for others in order to keep PersonY safe.
If a person is so upset, he wants to cry.
A person visits his relatives in order to be with his family.
A person practices faithfully in order to improve her skill.
If a person has a shocking realization, he will feel upset.
If a person is not very healthy, he gets sick as a result.
A person is on a quest to learn more in order to be an expert.
If a person and others read a story, he and PersonY enjoy the story as a result.
If a person discovers an important historical document, he wants to find out more about the document.
If a person visits a city, he learns about the city as a result.
If a person is taken care of, he will feel protected.
If a person sees a good show, he will feel satisfied.
If a person visits a health club, he will feel energetic.
If a person devises a system for getting around, he gets around easily as a result.
If a person solves a puzzle, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes a trick, he will feel accomplished.
If a person begins to examine the situation, he is able to think more clearly as a result.
A person is going home in order to see his family.
If a person takes a bad decision, he regrets his decision as a result.
If a person has his picture taken, he has a nice photo as a result.
If a person loves to teach people, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person learns how to get dressed, he is dressed nicely as a result.
If a person puts on his make-up, he will feel pretty.
If a person feels violated, he wants to feel safe.
If a person has a fun evening, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes his own, he will feel confident.
If a person hears others needs help, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person gets others to quit smoking, he will feel pleased.
If a person strikes his head, he will feel in pain.
If a person supports a cause, he will feel good.
If a person wants to learn more, he reads more as a result.
If a person decides to stay, he will feel secure.
If a person revisits the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person gets dressed up for a meeting, he will feel elegant.
If a person puts something in order, he is pleased with the result as a result.
If a person writes an important paper, he will feel accomplished.
If a person consults others's dad, he gets advice from PersonY's dad as a result.
If a person gets straightened out, he will feel pleased.
If a person is impressed with others's thinking, he thinks more about PersonY's ideas as a result.
If a person works on a time table, he finishes the time table as a result.
If a person is hit by a foul ball, he gets injured as a result.
A person decides to quit the military in order to be a civilian.
If a person reads The Times, he is informed of the news as a result.
A person pays for others's surgery in order to help PersonY.
If a person plans a big day, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks he is in trouble, he wants to get out of trouble.
A person explains the job to others in order to be able to tell PersonY about the job.
If a person receives an order, he wants to complete the order.
If a person studies the piano, he will feel interested.
If a person puts on the make-up, he looks better as a result.
A person has adopted many children in order to help children.
If a person devises a scheme, he will feel clever.
A person applies to a college in order to get a good education.
If a person is meditating, he will feel peaceful.
A person starts to explore in order to know more about the world.
If a person has something new to worry about, he will feel nervous.
If a person learns at home, he learns well as a result.
If a person wonders if anyone saw, he wants to find out.
A person raises the question in order to learn more about the issue.
If a person sees the world in a new way, he is inspired as a result.
If a person turns his life around, he will feel happy.
If a person is honored by others, he will feel happy.
If a person helps others for a good cause, he will feel good.
If a person decides to put his feet up, he will feel relaxed.
If a person starts a holiday, he will feel content.
A person checks the answers in order to get the right answers.
If a person plans to study for the exam, he will feel focused.
If a person takes a self-defense class, he wants to learn martial arts.
If a person finds a suspicious message, he wants to investigate.
If a person invites a friend for dinner, he wants to have a nice dinner.
If a person gets accepted to the best university, he will feel happy.
If a person grows closer to 's friends, he wants to spend more time with his friends.
If a person consults an expert, he gets an answer as a result.
If a person falls into sin, he will feel guilty.
If a person is given the afternoon off, he will feel free.
A person invites others to a workshop in order to show PersonY his work.
If a person is the leader, he will feel powerful.
If a person, others go skiing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person goes back to his job, he will feel motivated.
If a person eats healthy food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person considers others's idea, he wants to do PersonY's idea.
If a person does something for someone else, he will feel satisfied.
A person gets away from it all in order to be alone.
If a person realizes she’s been made fun of, he wants to stop being made fun of.
If a person learns to do something, he will feel motivated.
A person takes care of the situation in order to make sure the situation is resolved.
A person goes to gym class in order to get in shape.
If a person commits to a plan, he will feel confident.
If a person eats a very good meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds it very easy to love others, he is very happy with PersonY as a result.
A person finds a place to eat in order to eat a good meal.
If a person beats others in a contest, he will feel satisfied.
A person selects the right word in order to be accurate.
If a person has a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person is good at cooking, he will feel accomplished.
If a person learns to protect himself, he will feel secure.
A person listens to old stories in order to hear about the past.
A person watches what others says in order to understand PersonY.
If a person helps others with household chores, he will feel useful.
If a person handles a crisis, he will feel in control.
If a person makes an effort to understand others, he learns to understand PersonY as a result.
If a person often takes wrong action, he is seen as irresponsible.
If a person starts making progress, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person learns about statistics, he wants to use statistics.
If a person's thing is broken, he is upset as a result.
If a person buys a puppy, he wants to take care of the puppy.
If a person tries out for the football team, he wants to be on the team.
If a person types out an email, he will feel productive.
A person makes plans in order to make plans for the future.
If a person considers what is good, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person has the best idea, he will feel confident.
If a person is an excellent dresser, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person has a surprise party for others, he wants to make sure PersonY is happy.
If a person spends a long time talking, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person marries her lover, he will feel happy.
If a person has a bad time at work, he will feel annoyed.
If a person realizes that something is missing, he will feel worried.
If a person is bothered by a false rumor, he wants to correct the rumor.
If a person is sorry for what he did, he wants to be forgiven.
If a person's cooking is good, he will feel pleased.
If a person succeeds in doing business, he will feel confident.
If a person shows off his latest creation, he will feel proud.
A person takes some time to herself in order to relax.
If a person does a good job on the project, he will feel pleased.
If a person has not eaten all day, he is hungry as a result.
If a person learns a new trade, he will feel competent.
If a person discovers that someone wants to deceive her, he wants to be sure that she is not being deceived.
A person begins to open a box in order to know what is inside.
If a person being well turned out, he is proud of his appearance as a result.
If a person talks with her neighbor, he gets to know her neighbor as a result.
A person consults a lawyer in order to defend himself.
A person helps a new friend in order to be a good friend.
If a person finds out something new, he is interested as a result.
A person goes to get medicine in order to be healthy.
If a person organizes a community event, he will feel satisfied.
If a person visits the bank, he is able to withdraw money as a result.
A person types a search query in order to find a certain piece of information.
If a person works out hard, he wants to be in shape.
If a person lives a full life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person explores further, he wants to learn more.
A person ponders the question in order to understand the situation.
If a person earns a good salary, he will feel happy.
A person starts a project in order to do something new.
If a person goes to the mall and buys presents, he buys presents for his family as a result.
A person wants to speak to others again in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person reviews what’s been said, he wants to listen.
If a person dances at others's wedding, he has a good time as a result.
If a person approaches others's home, he wants to get PersonY's attention.
If a person keeps eye on the ball, he will feel in control.
If a person takes on a new contract, he wants to make more money.
If a person discovers how to make money, he will feel successful.
A person puts in an application in order to be employed.
If a person makes a wise decision, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to experiment, he wants to learn more about the process.
If a person watches closely, he will feel curious.
If a person comes to support others, he will feel pleased.
A person joins in the venture in order to be part of the team.
If a person gets an account of what happened, he will feel informed.
A person works harder than ever in order to get ahead.
If a person joins others's organization, he will feel committed.
If a person keeps a cool head, he will feel relaxed.
A person joins a debate team in order to be a good debater.
If a person goes to the tailor, he will feel well dressed.
If a person really tries, he wants to succeed.
If a person went to a concert, he had a good time as a result.
If a person works on a piece of art, he will feel creative.
If a person gets a new client, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a broken arm, he will feel in pain.
If a person makes a profit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is back in control, he will feel secure.
If a person is shaken, he wants to calm down.
If a person pleases his father, he will feel content.
A person went to war in order to protect his country.
If a person tries a new sport, he will feel motivated.
If a person opens its browser, he wants to surf the web.
If a person gains information, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sees the problem with, he fixes the problem as a result.
A person went to a doctor in order to get better.
If a person practices his english, he improves his english as a result.
If a person wins a car in a contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives unexpected support, he feels appreciated as a result.
If a person stops to look at a sunset, he enjoys the view as a result.
If a person finds a new love, he will feel happy.
If a person joins a dance team, he will feel happy.
If a person embraces the opportunity, he will feel happy.
A person communicates in order to connect with others.
If a person realizes it might be advantageous, he wants to use the situation to his advantage.
If a person begins to write poetry, he will feel inspired.
If a person decides to change his career, he wants to work in a more exciting field.
If a person agrees to settle, he will feel satisfied.
A person begins to talk about the dream in order to tell the dream to someone.
If a person enjoys her rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person visits the counselor, he will feel comfortable.
A person writes a letter to an old friend in order to reconnect with an old friend.
If a person takes up a new sport, he will feel excited.
If a person studies the moon, he wants to know more about the moon.
If a person improves others's chances, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is interviewing for a job, he wants to get the job.
If a person regrets one’s actions, he wants to make amends.
If a person practices dance, he wants to be a dancer.
A person serves others again in order to make PersonY happy.
A person listens to old stories in order to hear the stories again.
A person finally does something nice for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has not had a decent meal, he will feel hungry.
If a person tries to care for others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person writes about the world in order to understand the world.
A person seeks medical advice in order to get better.
A person resolves to change in order to be a better person.
If a person goes into management, he is promoted as a result.
A person takes care of others's feelings in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has a good game, he will feel confident.
If a person takes part in a celebration, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person exercises twice a day, he will feel energetic.
If a person studies the new book, he will feel curious.
A person works hard for the boss in order to be a valued employee.
If a person tries to meditate, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person grabs a bite to eat in order to be nourished.
If a person is unable to control her anger, he will feel frustrated.
If a person would be successful, he would be rich as a result.
If a person thinks of possible solutions, he will feel intelligent.
A person has just handed the problem over to others in order PersonY to be able to deal with the problem.
A person is a villain in order to hurt others.
If a person trusts others to do his job, he will feel confident.
If a person brings down the enemy, he will feel confident.
If a person expresses a concern, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person continues work, he will feel motivated.
A person makes a visit to see others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gains respect for others, he wants to be like PersonY.
A person travels to the Outback in order to learn about the Outback.
A person and others begin school in order to learn and PersonY wants to be in school.
If a person is ill, unlike others, he is treated as a result.
A person and others are moving toward each other in order to be with PersonY.
A person puts it in the right place in order to get it right.
If a person can no longer tolerate it, he wants to move out.
If a person survives and thrives, he will feel strong.
A person rewrites the novel in order to improve the novel.
If a person is totally surrounded by others's family, he feels included as a result.
If a person learns other skills, he becomes more skilled as a result.
If a person and others take a trip to the movies, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person plays games on the computer, he will feel entertained.
If a person travels to others's side, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person dislikes others’s habits, he wants to change PersonY’s habits.
If a person tries for something, he will feel hopeful.
If a person makes a wonderful discovery, he will feel excited.
If a person shares a hug with others, he feels closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person has finished reading that book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person was working on her thesis, he will feel motivated.
A person goes through the trouble of preparing lunch in order to be considerate.
If a person purchases a car, he will feel pleased.
If a person completes a project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has been collecting information, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person and others are caught under a falling tree, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person has trouble with a zipper, he wants to fix the zipper.
If a person develops a social life, he will feel excited.
If a person maintains his focus, he will feel determined.
If a person shares advice with others, he will feel wise.
If a person breaks the bad habit, he will feel free.
If a person considers their options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person assists others in her project, he will feel helpful.
If a person persuades others to marry him, he will feel triumphant.
If a person hangs out with others's kids, he will feel connected.
A person salutes others in order to show respect to PersonY.
If a person learns how to act like a man, he will feel confident.
If a person puts a lot of time into it, he wants to get better.
If a person receives approval from others, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on a field with hand tools, he will feel productive.
If a person fights the battle, he will feel courageous.
If a person wants to become more productive, he gets more work done as a result.
If a person joins others’s party, he has fun as a result.
A person signs up for school in order to be a better student.
If a person chooses to relax, he will feel peaceful.
If a person exercises self-control, he does not overeat as a result.
If a person has a situation in his hands, he wants to study the situation.
If a person has a good date, he is happy as a result.
If a person begins to argue with others, he will feel irritated.
If a person thinks he was followed, he wants to know who was following him.
If a person has plans, he is busy as a result.
If a person learns how to cook, he gets better at cooking as a result.
If a person listens to instructions, he does what he is told as a result.
If a person becomes enraged, he wants to scream.
If a person is forced to drink, he gets drunk as a result.
A person talks to his friend in person in order to have a conversation.
If a person wears a suit, he will feel dignified.
If a person and others are hurt in a car accident, he and PersonY are hospitalized as a result.
If a person sets out for a journey, he will feel determined.
If a person puts on a suit, he will feel dignified.
A person tries to come to a compromise in order to avoid a conflict.
If a person plays well in the band, he will feel confident.
A person goes to a political meeting in order to get involved in politics.
If a person decides on a solution, he will feel satisfied.
A person promises to work hard in order to succeed.
A person writes an apology letter in order to make amends.
If a person visits the market, he buys some food as a result.
If a person is up all night, he will feel tired.
If a person dines out with family, he will feel happy.
If a person has done his homework, he will feel relaxed.
A person begins to date in order to have a social life.
If a person is spending time with his friends, he is having fun as a result.
If a person crashes in a bus, he is injured as a result.
If a person signs up for a study, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds closure, he is happy as a result.
If a person stands up for someone, he will feel brave.
If a person comes by for dinner, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person becomes overly concerned, he wants to take action.
If a person gains support, he will feel confident.
If a person talks to others's mom, he gets to know PersonY's mom as a result.
If a person looks for another job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person wonders about another job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person follows others's gaze, he wants to see what PersonY is looking at.
A person asks for a lawyer in order to get his case heard.
If a person manages to deceive others, he will feel victorious.
A person makes someone talk in order to get information.
If a person feels more relaxed, he will feel content.
If a person gets in a bad accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person can’t grasp it, he will feel confused.
A person talks to his mother in order to hear his mother's voice.
If a person talks to Bobbie, he gets to know Bobbie as a result.
If a person finally got into the swing of things, he will feel confident.
If a person notices a strange scent, he wants to know what it is.
If a person keeps having bad dreams, he will feel disturbed.
If a person begins singing again, he will feel content.
If a person starts to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person cares about his parents, he wants to do what his parents want.
If a person feels that everything is fine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person asks about others's motives, he learns about PersonY's intentions as a result.
If a person grows the business, he wants to make more money.
If a person reexamines others’s opinion, he will feel curious.
If a person enjoys exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person buys this book, he will feel satisfied.
A person and others leave the country in order to travel and PersonY wants to be independent.
A person spends time in the park in order to be in nature.
If a person is completely baffled, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person studies frequently, he is seen as smart.
A person talks to his buddy on the phone in order to keep in touch with his friend.
If a person takes up Yoga, he gets fit as a result.
If a person and others tell jokes, he and PersonY laugh as a result.
If a person fights against an enemy ship, he wants to defeat the enemy.
If a person becomes a leader, he will feel strong.
If a person ponders the question, he will feel uncertain.
If a person knows a lot about cooking, he is seen as a good cook.
A person gets more cautious in order to avoid making mistakes.
If a person tries to do the right thing, he is seen as a good person.
If a person fills in an application form, he wants to apply for a job.
If a person is hurt on the job, he wants to be treated.
If a person imagines himself being killed, he will feel scared.
If a person beats others in darts, he will feel good.
If a person attends church services, he feels more religious as a result.
If a person studies the task, he wants to get the task done.
A person takes part in many different activities in order to be active.
If a person realizes that others would be a great mate, he and PersonY become a couple as a result.
A person decides to get a lawyer in order to have a good lawyer.
If a person settles his scores, he will feel pleased.
A person offers water to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person fixes a thing, he will feel successful.
If a person feels that everything is fine, he will feel content.
If a person improves the quality of a product, he will feel satisfied.
A person joins a protest march in order to show solidarity with the cause.
If a person works it out, he is happy as a result.
If a person, being free from fear, discovers power, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person has some beer, he will feel refreshed.
If a person shares the good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person helps with the cooking, he will feel useful.
If a person feels a responsibility, he wants to take care of others.
If a person learns the trick of writing a good CV, he wants to write a good CV.
If a person plays well in the band, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps the TV on, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to get a new job in order to be successful.
If a person argues the cause, he is seen as convincing.
A person harms others in order to make PersonY suffer.
If a person is consistent with himself, he will feel confident.
If a person pushes against the surface, he wants to break through.
If a person regrets giving his car to others, he wants to get his car back.
If a person is interested in the dispute, he wants to see the resolution.
If a person and others get angry, he and PersonY fight as a result.
If a person respects her parents, he has a good relationship with her parents as a result.
If a person learns some more, he becomes more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person gets his message out, he will feel victorious.
A person practices guitar in order to be good at guitar.
If a person takes care of business, he is successful as a result.
If a person is a peacemaker, he is a friend to all as a result.
If a person leads a life of difficulty, he will feel in pain.
A person offers a shoulder to cry on in order to be helpful.
If a person is overstimulated, he wants to calm down.
If a person watches another movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person is extremely well prepared, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes aware of something strange, he investigates as a result.
If a person stops yelling, he calms down as a result.
If a person finds an error in the text, he corrects the error as a result.
If a person watches a video, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets accepted to a college, he wants to study more.
If a person takes time to have a rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has finally made their dream come true, he will feel content.
If a person doubts a key person, he wants to be sure.
If a person agrees to the project, he will feel happy.
A person heads down the highway in order to go somewhere.
If a person makes progress on the project, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person has a nice, solid relationship, he will feel content.
If a person obtains contact details, he wants to contact the person.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he will feel joyful.
If a person begins to doubt himself, he will feel anxious.
A person gets a lawyer in order to protect his interests.
If a person aims for a single target, he will feel focused.
If a person goes to a class, he will feel interesting.
A person writes a list of things he wants to do in order to be productive.
If a person is repeatedly beset, he will feel irritated.
If a person helps out in the kitchen, he will feel helpful.
If a person knows how to behave, he will feel confident.
If a person plays with toy guns, he will feel entertained.
If a person shares others's grief, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person resorts to prayer, he will feel peaceful.
If a person sets out on the journey, he wants to see the world.
A person walks to the ocean in order to enjoy the ocean.
If a person makes new friends at the coffee shop, he will feel accepted.
A person follows up with others in order to find out what PersonY is up to.
A person requests not to be disturbed in order to have a peaceful night.
If a person carries on his own operations, he will feel independent.
A person puts on some new clothes in order to look good.
A person and others settle down in order to be with PersonY.
A person goes to her friend's house for the weekend in order to spend time with her friend.
A person decides to stop drinking in order to live a sober life.
A person needs to go back home in order to be close to his family.
If a person has a lousy life, he wants to get out of this life.
If a person feels he is trapped, he wants to escape.
If a person visits PlaceA, he gets to know PlaceA as a result.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he visits the place as a result.
If a person listens to his intuition, he learns to trust his intuition as a result.
If a person ponders a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person is well-trained, he will feel competent.
A person signs up for Spanish class in order to learn a new language.
A person writes a to-do list in order to get organized.
If a person gets impatient with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person isn't sure what is going on, he will feel confused.
If a person gives himself a workout, he is fit as a result.
If a person makes a play, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is on good terms with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
A person trains for a month in order to be in shape.
A person tries to remove itself from the situation in order to avoid any problems.
If a person gets employment, he will feel hopeful.
If a person sees the bigger picture, he will feel hopeful.
If a person packs up his belongings, he will feel ready to move.
If a person has an amazing idea, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to see others again, he will feel happy.
If a person finally finds work, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a new vehicle, he is happy as a result.
A person is going home in order to be close to his family.
If a person has a lot to consider, he will feel concerned.
A person makes an experiment in order to discover something new.
A person helps others practice skating in order to help PersonY.
If a person is feeling bad, he wants to feel better.
If a person finds her view of herself is incomplete, he wants to find out more about herself.
If a person thinks about his work, he wants to do his work.
If a person gets much better, he is happy as a result.
If a person joins a seminar, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he will feel good.
If a person finds something good on TV, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes the importance of exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person is fed up with life, he wants to quit.
If a person talks to others about others's health, he wants to know more about PersonY's health.
If a person ultimately figured it out, he was able to make the change as a result.
If a person thinks others is doing something, he wants to know what PersonY is doing.
A person buys an encyclopedia in order to learn more about the world.
If a person finds a way to get away, he will feel liberated.
If a person prays in church, he will feel calm.
If a person makes a wonderful discovery, he is proud of his discovery as a result.
If a person states her case, he will feel assertive.
If a person has a bad morning, he will feel anxious.
If a person learned to speak a new language, he is fluent in the language as a result.
If a person tries not to worry, he is calm as a result.
If a person has a nice camera, he wants to take pictures.
A person begins training in his new job in order to be ready for his new job.
If a person is an excellent father, he is praised by his children as a result.
If a person tries new dishes, he likes new dishes as a result.
If a person practices card tricks, he learns sleight of hand as a result.
If a person is afraid of getting in trouble, he will feel nervous.
A person learns others’s language in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person gathers some info, he will feel curious.
A person goes shopping for a better light bulb in order to improve the lighting in his house.
If a person starts meds, he gets better as a result.
A person tests the system in order to be sure the system works.
A person is rehearsing a speech in order to be prepared for a presentation.
A person dials the phone in order to talk to someone.
If a person looks up the word, he wants to know the meaning of the word.
If a person is attacked by dogs, he is bitten as a result.
If a person finds a new apartment, he is happy as a result.
If a person argues with his wife, he will feel angry.
If a person is going to class, he is learning as a result.
If a person puts a premium on being independent, he is a strong, independent woman as a result.
If a person makes some notes, he will feel productive.
If a person is hit by a foul ball, he will feel in pain.
If a person makes an art piece, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns some things from others, he will feel enlightened.
A person concentrates his attention in order to do his best.
If a person says a prayer, he will feel at peace.
If a person always gets on with the job, he is seen as good at it.
If a person fights for moral rights, he will feel determined.
If a person decides to go out with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person checks out the website, he will feel intrigued.
If a person works on something at home, he will feel busy.
If a person observes a situation, he will feel curious.
If a person's worried, he wants to feel better.
If a person reasons about a matter, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person is out with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to a story, he will feel entertained.
If a person regrets his recent actions, he wants to change his ways.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he will feel worried.
If a person considers everything possible, he wants to try everything.
If a person goes swimming in the lake, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gives others a happy ending, he will feel satisfied.
A person went out for a walk in order to be active.
A person tries to stay on course in order to achieve her goal.
If a person visits a spa, he is pampered as a result.
If a person prepares for an audience, he wants to practice his presentation.
If a person has fun with the family, he will feel satisfied.
A person buys a new piano in order to be able to play the piano.
A person thinks of an idea to use in a story in order to make a good story.
If a person enjoys the sunrise, he will feel content.
A person checks in with others's parents in order to make sure PersonY's parents are okay.
If a person notices something is unusual, he wants to investigate.
A person fills in the forms in order to complete the task.
A person is at a piano lesson in order to learn to play the piano.
If a person plays games, he will feel excited.
A person visits his grandma in order to spend time with his grandma.
A person begins to plan in order to prepare for the future.
If a person is right for the job, he will feel pleased.
A person asks him to prove it in order to be sure.
If a person ends a successful period, he will feel accomplished.
A person goes out on a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person works out constantly, he wants to be in shape.
If a person is well-trained, he will feel confident.
If a person gets some rest, he will feel refreshed.
A person gives his love to others in order to show PersonY how much he cares.
If a person puts on his glasses, he wants to see clearly.
If a person flies to others's rescue, he saves PersonY's life as a result.
If a person drinks too much wine, he will feel tipsy.
If a person stands up to himself, he will feel strong.
A person reads this text in order to understand the author's message.
If a person shares her experiences, he will feel connected.
A person listens to personY in order to understand personY.
If a person wins a new car in the lottery, he will feel pleased.
A person gets a job in the commercial sector in order to earn money.
A person opens her heart to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person experiences new perspective, he has a new outlook on life as a result.
If a person attends the fair, he enjoys the fair as a result.
If a person enjoys the breeze, he will feel refreshed.
If a person learns to be patient, he will feel relaxed.
If a person argues with a woman, he will feel annoyed.
If a person begins to study, he will feel challenged.
If a person is upset by others’s disappearance, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person visits his native country, he has a better understanding of his native country as a result.
If a person will have a plan, he will feel in control.
A person fills out forms in order to complete a task.
A person buys a drink for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person learns about her past, he wants to know more about her past.
If a person makes it through the maze, he will feel victorious.
If a person weighs the information, he wants to make a decision.
If a person takes an ice-cold shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person works hard at others’s job, he will feel productive.
If a person speaks with a person outside, he learns about the person as a result.
A person expects others to talk in order to hear PersonY's opinion.
If a person goes in fear of it, he wants to avoid it.
A person orders more books online in order to be able to read more.
If a person intends to make a comeback, he will feel confident.
If a person puts on 's Sunday best, he will feel elegant.
If a person signs up for a class, he will feel excited.
A person asks others to a dance in order to be with PersonY.
If a person's career takes off, he gets a promotion as a result.
If a person has a bad time at the doctor, he will feel frustrated.
If a person takes a warm shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person forms a family, he wants to stay with his family.
If a person is in a quarrel, he is angry as a result.
If a person manages to get along with others, he will feel confident.
If a person likes to have fun, he will feel energized.
If a person does not get upset, he is calm as a result.
If a person is active in the community, he will feel connected.
If a person raises support, he will feel confident.
If a person hits the ground running, he will feel energized.
If a person worries about a relapse, he wants to be cured.
If a person leaves, having obtained the supplies, he will feel successful.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he gets better at playing the violin as a result.
If a person exercises his body, he will feel fit.
If a person reads a document, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person puts on clothing in order to dress appropriately.
If a person looks up to others, he respects PersonY as a result.
If a person dislikes hot weather, he wants to be in a warm place.
A person joins a book club in order to learn about books.
If a person comes to the library and meet others, he is able to learn more about PersonY as a result.
If a person puts a lot of time into it, he wants to get it right.
If a person crosses a finish line, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a commitment, he wants to be faithful.
A person gives others lessons in socializing in order to help PersonY become more sociable.
A person opens a new movie theater in order to provide entertainment.
If a person visits her friends, he gets to know her friends better as a result.
A person tells others to talk in order PersonY to be more open.
If a person knows how to relax, he is calm as a result.
If a person has wonderful parents, he will feel loved.
If a person sees that he made a mistake, he corrects his mistake as a result.
If a person consults with an attorney, he will feel concerned.
If a person meets a pretty girl, he is attracted to the girl as a result.
If a person has a warm heart, he is kind to others as a result.
If a person approaches others's home, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person is reading a document in order to understand the document.
If a person helps out with washing up, he will feel helpful.
If a person reacts to criticism, he gets angry as a result.
If a person completes task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes a good remark, he will feel happy.
A person talks to the neighbors in order to be neighborly.
If a person gains information on others, he wants to use the information.
If a person decides to settle down, he will feel satisfied.
A person sends a lot of letters in order to communicate with people.
A person is a dedicated student in order to be the best.
A person works on the garden in order to keep the garden beautiful.
If a person gets trained by a master, he will feel motivated.
If a person commits herself to a good cause, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a threat, he will feel fearful.
A person starts living alone in order to be independent.
If a person puts something in order, he feels better as a result.
If a person jogs on the weekend, he will feel energetic.
If a person is prepared for all possibilities, he will feel relaxed.
A person meets others on purpose in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person starts playing the sport again, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person wants others to say something in order PersonY to be honest.
If a person gives a good talk, he will feel confident.
A person tastes and eats the food in order to be able to enjoy the food.
If a person can't accept the experience, he wants to get rid of the experience.
A person puts everything in the box in order to put things in order.
If a person travels to places unknown, he learns to explore as a result.
If a person's mind drifts at work, he will feel unfocused.
If a person has a picnic with his family, he has a good time as a result.
If a person stands up and dances, he will feel joyful.
If a person picks her brain, he learns to think critically as a result.
If a person is getting dressed, he is getting ready to go out as a result.
If a person picks up a bargain, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes to spend time with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person is successful in a negotiation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person falls and breaks his arm, he will feel in pain.
If a person does everything possible to live a good life, he becomes a good person as a result.
If a person and others make amends, he will feel relieved.
If a person stays on the ranch, he gets to know the ranch as a result.
A person prepares the picture in order to have a good picture.
If a person begins to accept her father, he will feel happy.
If a person has no way out, he will feel helpless.
If a person stops an evil plot, he is seen as brave.
If a person thinks about others’s situation, he is worried about PersonY as a result.
If a person realizes that something is not quite right, he will feel uneasy.
If a person notices that others is in pain, he will feel concerned.
If a person prepares a large meal, he is seen as good at cooking.
If a person takes charge of the group, he will feel strong.
If a person trains with weights, he will feel fit.
If a person sticks to her plans, he achieves her goal as a result.
A person becomes a little more serious in order to become more responsible.
If a person has a deep breath, he is calm as a result.
If a person learns to be independent, he will feel successful.
If a person helps out during an emergency, he will feel useful.
A person practices piano in order to improve his skills.
A person does his exercises in order to stay healthy.
If a person is cheered up by his family, he is happy as a result.
A person heads to class in order to be in school.
If a person begins to make things up, he is suspected of lying as a result.
A person changes positions in order to be in a different place.
If a person puts in time, he will feel productive.
If a person has a deep breath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others go to see a movie, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person sticks to it, he will feel determined.
If a person has fallen ill, he is in hospital as a result.
If a person spends a lot of time with her family, he will feel content.
If a person writes a beautiful poem, he will feel satisfied.
If a person realizes success, he will feel proud.
A person does his best in order to succeed.
A person discusses the situation in order to understand the situation.
If a person does good work, he will feel proud.
If a person has a hard time with all of this, he will feel frustrated.
If a person thinks about his childhood, he will feel nostalgic.
A person confronts his feelings in order to be honest with himself.
If a person drinks an alcoholic beverage, he will feel a little drunk.
If a person get help from others, he feels better as a result.
A person eats a meal with his girlfriend in order to spend time with his girlfriend.
A person reads all about it in order to know more about the subject.
If a person has a great project, he wants to finish it.
If a person struggles with everyday tasks, he will feel stressed.
If a person is finally noticed, he will feel valued.
If a person succeeds in the interview, he will feel happy.
A person trains 2-5 times a day in order to be fit.
If a person feels honored to be invited, he wants to be invited again.
If a person and others gets in a car accident, he and PersonY are hurt as a result.
If a person arranges another tryst, he will feel happy.
A person studies for the science test in order to pass the test.
If a person finds out about a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person rushes to find others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is dressed and made up, he will feel beautiful.
If a person dresses up for a play, he will feel excited.
If a person sends a diplomatic message, he will feel polite.
If a person succeeds in acquiring a car, he will feel happy.
If a person gets something from the store, he will feel pleased.
If a person completes the ultimate goal, he will feel happy.
A person asks someone in order to know more about a person.
If a person is worn out, he wants to rest.
If a person helps others clean the kitchen, he will feel helpful.
A person takes care of her cats in order to make sure her cats are happy.
A person plans to move out of state in order to be independent.
A person offers others a ride home in order to help PersonY.
If a person has found a new direction, he will feel happy.
If a person earns some money, he will feel successful.
If a person celebrates with a wedding, he will feel delighted.
If a person gets attracted by others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person has always hated rabbits, he wants to get rid of rabbits.
If a person becomes prominent, he will feel important.
If a person grows fond of personY, he wants to become closer to personY.
A person gets on plane in order to get to his destination.
If a person defeats her rival, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to cook, he wants to cook for others.
If a person learns to swim, he is better at swimming as a result.
A person spends time with family in order to be close to his family.
If a person finds a new girl, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to look around in order to explore the world.
If a person stands up to authority, he will feel brave.
If a person and others go to a play, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides to begin writing a novel, he will feel excited.
A person invites others to his house in order to show PersonY his home.
If a person thinks of a good idea, he wants to share the idea with others.
If a person takes advantage of the situation, he gets his way as a result.
If a person discusses everyday topics, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person finally got what they deserved, he will feel vindicated.
A person reaches for a tool in order to fix something.
If a person reads the comics, he is entertained as a result.
If a person comes to terms with the loss, he will feel calm.
If a person is a good example to others, he is admired by PersonY as a result.
A person thinks more deeply in order to understand more.
If a person reads the mystery novel, he is intrigued by the story as a result.
If a person is a successful gardener, he is proud of his garden as a result.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he is satisfied with the meal as a result.
If a person gets seriously injured, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person gets a rebound, he will feel confident.
If a person and his family go to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person increases her exercise program, he is in better shape as a result.
If a person finishes the job before noon, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets over the hurdle, he will feel victorious.
A person decides to meet others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person reflects on a complex idea, he wants to understand the idea.
If a person looks it up on his computer, he will feel informed.
If a person struggles with his weight, he wants to lose weight.
If a person visits the neighbors, he gets to know the neighbors as a result.
If a person considers the other person’s needs, he wants to make the other person happy.
If a person finds support, he is happy as a result.
A person contemplates moving out in order to be independent.
If a person gets a piece of the action, he will feel satisfied.
A person gives others a good time in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person wins a fishing contest, he will feel pleased.
A person accepts the job offer in order to earn money.
If a person recognizes others's errors, he corrects PersonY's mistakes as a result.
If a person enjoys having others around, he will feel content.
If a person listens to others's tale, he is interested in PersonY's tale as a result.
A person approaches others on the street in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person decides to read a mystery, he will feel intrigued.
If a person acquires credentials, he will feel empowered.
A person works on a specific task in order to get better at a specific task.
If a person is worried about others's absence, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person is consumed by anger, he loses his temper as a result.
A person helps his mother with dinner in order to be helpful.
If a person decides to stay in others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person is accepted into a top school, he is happy as a result.
If a person is delighted with the results, he wants to celebrate.
If a person finds out the answer to something, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys time with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person starts an argument, he will feel angry.
A person volunteers to help at the soup kitchen in order to help others.
A person visits the site in order to get information.
If a person has become successful, he is now happy as a result.
If a person takes the right step, he will feel confident.
If a person receives an unkind letter, he will feel upset.
If a person listens to suggestions, he wants to do what others suggest.
A person agrees to go on a date in order to spend time with the girl.
If a person is welcomed by everybody, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes that a mistake has been made, he apologizes as a result.
A person tries to start a business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person finds something to read, he will feel interested.
If a person and others have a relationship, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person writes a big book, he will feel accomplished.
A person has an open-door policy in order to be available to everyone.
If a person is an adult, he will feel independent.
If a person reads stories to her children, he teaches her children to read as a result.
If a person receives a death threat, he will feel frightened.
If a person gets well, he will feel relieved.
If a person is not satisfied with others's decision, he will feel frustrated.
If a person pays it forward, he will feel pleased.
If a person chooses a great place to visit, he will feel happy.
If a person takes up Yoga, he will feel relaxed.
If a person loves to climb mountains, he is an accomplished climber as a result.
If a person dresses for an evening out, he will feel elegant.
If a person agrees to give others a home, he will feel good.
If a person does it with class, he will feel respected.
If a person decides to pay it forward, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to be better.
If a person is cheered on, he will feel excited.
If a person watches her favorite TV show, he will feel entertained.
A person questions everything in order to know the truth.
If a person studies after work, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes to a religious mass, he feels more spiritual as a result.
If a person’s face wears a smile, he will feel joyful.
If a person thinks about starting a new job, he will feel motivated.
If a person joins a sports club, he gets fit as a result.
If a person considers other people’s feelings, he will feel sympathetic.
A person stops to drink some water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person takes an interest in others's wellbeing, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person dresses as a lady, he will feel glamorous.
If a person has a flash of inspiration, he wants to work on his idea.
If a person and others pull a funny prank, he will feel amused.
If a person gets overcharged for something, he wants to get a refund.
If a person becomes suspicious of others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person grows to maturity, he is a responsible adult as a result.
If a person calls the shots, he will feel in control.
If a person hears the most shocking news, he is stunned as a result.
If a person takes the lead, he will feel in control.
If a person speaks with authority, he will feel powerful.
If a person gives others a little present, he will feel pleased.
A person takes her sister to school in order to support her sister.
If a person works on his house, he wants to finish his house.
A person reads to others's children in order to help PersonY's children.
A person finishes designing her room in order to make her room perfect.
If a person devotes his life to God, he will feel peaceful.
If a person marries his wife, he will feel happy.
A person works out constantly in order to be fit.
If a person is sent back to school, he learns to study as a result.
If a person goes in the bath, he will feel clean.
If a person is afraid of being discovered, he will feel nervous.
If a person prepares to work out, he will feel motivated.
If a person works to gain others's cooperation, he will feel determined.
If a person decides to check on others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person accepts the adventure that is presented to him, he gains experience as a result.
If a person worries about her welfare, he wants to take care of herself.
If a person sees a way out, he wants to take the way out.
A person departs for somewhere else in order to explore.
If a person wants others’s help, he is helped by PersonY as a result.
A person has a series of dates in order to be in a relationship.
A person opens the way in order to make the way easier for others.
If a person talks to the press, he is seen as articulate.
If a person develops a big picture, he will feel in control.
If a person climbs into bed, he is warm as a result.
If a person finds some very interesting plans, he will feel excited.
A person sends an e-mail to personY in order to be in touch with personY.
If a person realizes that something is wrong, he wants to get to the bottom of it.
If a person buys the goods, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to charm others in order to be liked by PersonY.
If a person's life changes for the better, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers what he's looking for, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person notices that he was being stared at, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person prepares a healthy meal, he will feel healthy.
A person calls his parents in order to reconnect with his family.
If a person enjoys singing, he wants to sing in front of an audience.
If a person takes up a new cause, he will feel excited.
A person pays attention to the operation in order to get the job done.
If a person takes an interest in recycling, he wants to do more recycling.
A person maintains harmony in society in order to be a good leader.
A person calls others about a serious matter in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person reads "Chaos Theory", he wants to understand "Chaos Theory".
A person acquires a collection in order to have a good collection.
A person brings her something from his journey in order to show her something he has found.
If a person buys a ticket to travel, he is excited about traveling as a result.
If a person takes on a new challenge, he wants to succeed.
If a person buys a new tool, he is happy with his new tool as a result.
If a person can tolerate it no longer, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person is dissatisfied with the job done, he wants to do a better job.
If a person dislikes the choice, he wants to choose a different choice.
If a person works out a deal, he will feel pleased.
If a person hangs out with Shane, he and Shane become friends as a result.
A person continues to work hard in order to be a good employee.
A person reads some of his notes in order to review his notes.
If a person works on himself, he will feel motivated.
If a person begins to feel confident, he is happier as a result.
If a person decides to help his friend, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person argues about things, he will feel annoyed.
If a person makes some new acquaintances, he will feel friendly.
If a person likes to take a walk with others, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person checks things out, he will feel interested.
If a person develops a hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes a company president, he will feel powerful.
If a person has a lot of experience, he will feel competent.
A person takes care of the family in order to make sure the family is safe.
A person visits 's friends in order to spend time with his friends.
A person takes care of others's wound in order to help PersonY.
If a person makes an effort to apologize, he wants to be forgiven.
If a person's mother is in the hospital, he is worried about his mother as a result.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he will feel hopeful.
If a person complains to his boss, he will feel frustrated.
If a person defuses a crisis at work, he will feel pleased.
If a person says yes to new opportunity, he will feel excited.
If a person wins a bike race, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys a special time, he wants to do it again.
A person went on an expedition in order to see new things.
If a person knows he made a mistake, he regrets his decision as a result.
If a person and others take each other seriously, he will feel supportive.
If a person fights it out, he will feel determined.
If a person is greatly troubled, he wants to get help.
If a person consults the doctor, he gets a checkup as a result.
If a person gets rid of his headaches, he will feel relieved.
A person takes an ice-cold shower in order to get clean.
If a person and others play on the floor, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person finishes his quest, he will feel accomplished.
A person finally talks to his ex-wife in order to be reconciled with his ex-wife.
If a person is not doing well, he will feel depressed.
A person begins the investigation in order to solve the mystery.
If a person develops an interest in sailing, he takes sailing lessons as a result.
A person is having a conversation with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person will remain in control, he will feel confident.
If a person gives others a nice ride, he will feel satisfied.
A person works very hard in order to be a success.
If a person completes her novel, he will feel accomplished.
A person makes food for dinner in order to feed his family.
If a person invites others to their home, he gets a chance to know PersonY as a result.
If a person joins a gym, he will feel fit.
If a person is recommended for a job, he wants to work.
If a person studies an advanced topic, he wants to learn more.
If a person shows respect for others's friends, he is respected by PersonY's friends as a result.
If a person becomes a champion of the poor, he is a good person as a result.
If a person goes into a profession she is interested in, he will feel excited.
If a person is socializing, he has fun as a result.
If a person regrets putting the cat outside, he wants to put the cat back in.
If a person has got injured, he is in pain as a result.
If a person gives others a pat on the back, he will feel proud.
If a person and others ask questions, he wants to know more.
If a person attends religious services, he will feel connected.
If a person trains solo, he gets fit as a result.
A person is doing house work in order to clean the house.
If a person begins to feel better, he will feel relaxed.
If a person emerges victorious, he is happy as a result.
A person asks others to join him in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person reads up on the Fifth Amendment in order to know more about the law.
If a person finishes their homework, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is amazed by the result, he wants to see the result again.
If a person finds a new instrument, he will feel happy.
If a person learns how to do something, he is better at doing something as a result.
If a person has a long bath, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person takes up oil painting, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns of a crime, he will feel worried.
If a person creates a mosaic, he makes a beautiful mosaic as a result.
A person reads to the baby in order to help the baby.
If a person learns from past mistakes, he wants to do better.
If a person learns new dance steps, he wants to practice.
If a person gets her to tell the truth, he will feel confident.
A person arranges for a get-together in order to be sociable.
If a person suspects something, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person really enjoyed her meal, he will feel content.
If a person is made to repent, he will feel ashamed.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he takes action as a result.
If a person gets into the relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys her walk, he will feel content.
A person and others talk for a long time in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person enjoys reading and writing, he will feel creative.
A person takes off from home in order to be free.
If a person shakes hands with friends, he will feel friendly.
If a person kicks the bad guy, he will feel victorious.
If a person is a hit in his new setting, he will feel happy.
A person says a lot of words in order to communicate.
If a person devotes her life to others, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys watching a sunset, he will feel peaceful.
If a person worries about their uncle, he wants to help their uncle.
If a person gets a whiff of something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person says "Thank you", he will feel happy.
If a person is unable to bear this, he wants to do something about it.
If a person has a bad month, he will feel upset.
If a person is threatened with a knife, he will feel scared.
If a person gains new skills, he wants to use those skills.
If a person has something on his mind, he wants to talk about it.
If a person and others enjoys one another's company, he will feel comfortable.
A person studies the contents of a folder in order to learn more about the folder.
A person starts to comfort others in order to be there for PersonY.
A person calls all his old friends in order to stay in touch with his old friends.
If a person is determined to reach a verdict, he reaches a verdict as a result.
If a person is injured in an accident, he is taken to the hospital as a result.
If a person finds a lovely spot, he will feel peaceful.
If a person and others got back together, he will feel happy.
A person helps with the business in order to be useful.
If a person is concerned about his new task, he wants to complete the task.
If a person is certain of others's treason, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person receives a thank-you note, he feels appreciated as a result.
If a person gets a good job, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to start exercising, he will feel motivated.
If a person suffers for a long time, he will feel unhappy.
A person visits an old site in order to see a place he once knew.
If a person takes a few books home, he reads them as a result.
If a person makes peace with God, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good experience, he is happy as a result.
If a person hates animal abuse, he wants to stop animal abuse.
If a person takes an hour nap, he will feel refreshed.
A person begins a business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person gets a backrub, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person enjoys talking to others, he will feel excited.
If a person takes a cooking class, he will feel challenged.
If a person asks others for the truth, he learns the truth as a result.
If a person plans a family outing, he will feel happy.
If a person completes the task, he is seen as efficient.
If a person saves the money for travel, he goes on a trip as a result.
If a person begins to read the letter, he wants to find out what is in the letter.
If a person decides to go out with her friend, he will feel happy.
If a person eats dinner, he will feel full.
If a person finds some very interesting plans, he will feel satisfied.
A person says a pleasant goodbye to others in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person takes an evening stroll in order to enjoy the evening.
If a person is unhappy with the result, he wants to make the situation better.
If a person is badly hurt in an accident, he will feel in pain.
If a person learns from the lesson, he will feel good.
A person takes others to the doctors in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes for a morning swim, he will feel refreshed.
If a person and others perform community service, he will feel good.
If a person saw something terrible happen, he gets upset as a result.
If a person has new plans, he will feel hopeful.
If a person gets tired of studying, he will feel discouraged.
If a person studies hard, he will feel determined.
If a person has found a new hobby, he wants to play it more.
If a person thinks of a good idea, he will feel happy.
If a person has the cook arrested, he will feel victorious.
A person raises a question in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person reaches the prime of his career, he will feel accomplished.
A person puts on the clothes in order to be presentable.
If a person thanks others for going with him, he will feel happy.
If a person meets a political figure, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person has doubts about some news, he wants to know more.
If a person suddenly decides to go on a trip, he is happy about the trip as a result.
If a person wins out over others, he is pleased as a result.
If a person takes care of the guest, he is seen as a good host.
If a person looks through it, he will feel curious.
If a person returns to the ocean, he will feel refreshed.
If a person starts to freeze, he wants to get warm.
If a person takes a vacation in Florida, he will feel refreshed.
If a person fears making a big mistake, he wants to avoid making mistakes.
If a person assumes the responsibility, he wants to do the right thing.
A person investigates a sound in order to find out what is making the sound.
A person will call others later in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person picks up a bargain, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets into debt, he is broke as a result.
If a person enrolls in school, he will feel happy.
A person asks others to go to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gets job, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps losing sleep, he will feel tired.
A person decides to take an action in order to get something done.
If a person appreciates what others did, he wants to thank PersonY.
If a person grinds into gear, he will feel energetic.
If a person signs up for college classes, he is studying hard as a result.
A person confronts personY in order to be able to talk to personY.
If a person helps others to fix the bike, he will feel helpful.
If a person visits a science museum, he will feel entertained.
A person has a mad-dash escape in order to get away from a dangerous situation.
If a person undergoes training, he will feel challenged.
If a person’s world falls apart, he is unhappy as a result.
A person pays attention to her hat in order to keep her hat clean.
If a person takes charge of the interview, he will feel in control.
A person has to act quickly in order to finish his task.
If a person regrets losing his temper, he wants to apologize.
A person gets a lawyer in order to be sure of his rights.
A person tells others to think for himself in order PersonY to be independent.
A person studies hard for his exam in order to get good grades.
If a person lives well, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets to go on vacation, he has fun on vacation as a result.
If a person enters a cooking contest, he wants to win.
If a person experiences the death of a loved one, he will feel saddened.
A person takes the children for a ride in order to be with the children.
If a person has writer’s block, he will feel frustrated.
If a person works on a mathematical problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person goes in for treatment, he wants to be well.
If a person is working hard on the problem, he will feel motivated.
If a person hears the most shocking news, he is upset as a result.
If a person starts to read the book, he will feel curious.
If a person gets in trouble again, he will feel upset.
A person turns to a new page in order to read the next chapter.
If a person does his best for others, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a nice invitation, he wants to go to the party.
If a person is others's inspiration, he inspires PersonY to write as a result.
If a person eats with a voracious appetite, he will feel satisfied.
A person is at the doctor's in order to get better.
A person practices writing something in order to improve her writing.
If a person spends time with baby, he gets to know baby as a result.
If a person gets some good advice, he will feel enlightened.
A person calls others again in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person completes his job, he will feel pleased.
If a person eventually comes home, he wants to be with his family.
If a person took on a hobby, he wants to get better at it.
If a person does not like feeling trapped, he wants to escape.
If a person finishes her book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is educated, he will feel intelligent.
A person asks others to go with him in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is the leader, he will feel confident.
If a person looks for a second job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person begins a new project, he will feel inspired.
If a person argues with the manager, he will feel angry.
If a person submits a job application, he gets a job as a result.
A person registers at the training course in order to learn new skills.
If a person helps fix a computer, he learns to fix computers as a result.
A person volunteers her time in order to help others.
If a person works for an organization, he will feel productive.
If a person has a lot to do at the university, he wants to finish his work.
If a person falls in love with others, he wants to stay with PersonY.
If a person and others begin to make a life together, he will feel excited.
A person asks question of others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person becomes resourceful, he becomes successful as a result.
If a person finds it suspicious, he investigates as a result.
If a person is really taking care of others, he will feel good.
If a person doesn't like it here, he wants to leave.
If a person begins to doubt himself, he will feel insecure.
If a person continues to work hard, he will feel determined.
If a person is in command, he will feel confident.
If a person tries a new kind of car, he will feel intrigued.
If a person makes a presentation, he is seen as eloquent.
If a person is a superior leader, he will feel powerful.
If a person hears of good news, he will feel happy.
If a person has been beaten by others, he feels hurt as a result.
If a person goes through difficult times, he will feel sad.
A person is having a conversation with others in order to discuss something with PersonY.
A person is going to work in order to be productive.
A person takes the class in order to learn.
If a person feels more motivated, he wants to work harder.
If a person gets his eye fixed, he sees better as a result.
If a person thinks something is missing, he wants to get something.
If a person visits the cinema, he will feel amused.
If a person concludes that things will be fine, he will feel relaxed.
A person says he's leaving in order to move on.
If a person fixes a mistake, he will feel relieved.
A person contacts others to discuss their differences in order to solve their problems.
A person is a speaker at the conference in order to share her knowledge.
If a person is having a hard time, he will feel anxious.
A person and others become closer in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is collecting old newspapers, he has a treasure trove of old newspapers as a result.
If a person agrees to take part in a course, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets covered with dirt, he will feel dirty.
A person tells others about 's sex life in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person asks others about his intentions, he learns about PersonY’s plans as a result.
If a person asks for her mother's support, he will feel supported.
If a person beats others at her own game, he will feel triumphant.
A person helps for a moment in order to help someone.
If a person is sensitive to others’s issues, he supports PersonY as a result.
A person goes to the seaside in order to relax.
If a person proves her innocence, he will feel confident.
If a person has 'had it' with others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
A person puts his plan into action in order to get the results he wants.
If a person calls others's office, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person eventually got his house painted, he will feel pleased.
If a person practices his or her Japanese vocabulary, he improves his or her Japanese vocabulary as a result.
If a person thinks about it all day, he will feel worried.
If a person discovers an evil plot, he wants to stop the plot.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he is full as a result.
If a person is on the run from the police, he wants to hide.
If a person looks at it, he will feel interested.
If a person wonders about the phone, he wants to find out what the phone is for.
If a person arrives at a church, he wants to pray.
If a person finds somebody to share a beer with, he will feel happy.
If a person read something on the Internet, he will feel curious.
If a person feels someone following him, he wants to find out who is following him.
A person trains 4 times a day in order to be in shape.
A person gives a meal to others in order to help PersonY.
A person read an article about others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person examines the remnants, he wants to study the evidence.
If a person asks someone related to others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person's attempt succeeds, he will feel triumphant.
If a person reads an advice book, he is helped by the book as a result.
If a person could not accept it, he is angry as a result.
If a person learns more about the technique, he gains skill as a result.
If a person finds himself in danger, he wants to be safe.
If a person dresses up nicely, he will feel pleased.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he will feel regretful.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel calm.
If a person succeeds in the long run, he is happy as a result.
If a person succeeds in a difficult project, he will feel proud.
If a person trains at the gym, he will feel fit.
If a person realized he made a big mistake, he wants to make amends.
If a person lays in the sun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is in love with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person eats a yummy meal, he will feel full.
If a person spots something suspicious, he wants to report it.
A person performs research in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person enjoys a talk with his colleagues, he wants to discuss his ideas.
A person begins speaking in order to communicate with others.
If a person goes to shul, he will feel religious.
If a person puts everything in order, he will feel in control.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he feels frightened as a result.
If a person visits a new town, he wants to explore.
If a person accepts the new job, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks the punishment is unfair, he wants to be treated fairly.
A person is invited to participate in a political party in order to be a part of the political process.
If a person and others disagrees, he and PersonY do not get along as a result.
If a person considers himself an outsider, he will feel isolated.
If a person insists that you try new things, he makes you more adventurous as a result.
If a person likes to practice karate, he gets good at karate as a result.
If a person becomes more aggressive, he gets into fights as a result.
If a person takes steps to prosecute, he wants to win the case.
If a person reaps the rewards of working hard, he will feel happy.
If a person has a fight with family, he will feel upset.
If a person beats others at last, he will feel pleased.
If a person does something for herself, he will feel pleased.
If a person can’t pay the rent, he will feel worried.
If a person gathers some info, he learns more about the subject as a result.
A person practices for concert in order to be ready for the concert.
If a person watches the comedy show, he will feel entertained.
If a person joins a circle of friends, he will feel accepted.
A person practices judo in order to improve his skills.
A person satisfies others's wants in order to make PersonY happy.
A person looks it up online in order to know more about a topic.
If a person claims to have misunderstood, he wants to correct his misunderstanding.
If a person starts a holiday, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a wonderful dream, he will feel content.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person thinks more quickly, he will feel alert.
A person sends an electronic message in order to be in touch with the outside world.
If a person keeps a promise to others, he will feel loyal.
A person puts in time in order to do a good job.
If a person plans a great event, he will feel pleased.
If a person almost hurts himself, he feels bad as a result.
If a person needs to watch where he’s going, he wants to walk carefully.
A person has a good dinner in order to eat well.
If a person uses the washroom, he will feel clean.
A person takes others to the kitchen in order to show PersonY the kitchen.
If a person ponders the question, he will feel puzzled.
A person finds out more about others in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person is willing to fight, he wants to win.
If a person purchases the goods, he is happy as a result.
If a person is introduced to a character, he will feel interested.
A person is cleaning his room in order to be tidy.
If a person makes a good case, he will feel confident.
If a person takes part in a journey, he wants to see a new place.
If a person faces difficulties, he wants to feel better.
If a person puts on the finishing touches, he will feel accomplished.
A person took a break from his job in order to be able to relax.
A person confronts his father in order to find out the truth.
If a person is dissatisfied with the results, he will feel discouraged.
If a person regrets the whole idea, he wants to forget the whole idea.
If a person has a hard time with all of this, he will feel stressed.
If a person and others go to the ball game, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person discovers a murder, he wants to solve the murder.
If a person gets good news from others, he will feel relieved.
A person makes a visit to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person welcomes others's touch, he will feel comfortable.
If a person becomes an owner of the company, he will feel powerful.
If a person practices meditation, he is more relaxed as a result.
If a person stops to see what is happening, he learns about the situation as a result.
If a person regrets lying to others, he will feel ashamed.
A person accepts others’s marriage proposal in order to be with PersonY.
If a person gets his life back on track, he will feel confident.
If a person fiddles with an invention, he will feel creative.
If a person receives very good reviews from others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discusses everyday topics, he will feel engaged.
If a person pays attention to his goals, he will feel inspired.
If a person travels to others’s location, he gets to meet PersonY as a result.
If a person practices soccer, he gets better at soccer as a result.
If a person finds a good listener, he will feel listened to.
A person speaks with his mother in order to understand his mother.
If a person gets a real job, he will feel good.
If a person and others go to the gym, he and PersonY become fit as a result.
If a person has done the job, he is seen as hardworking.
A person rushes to the window in order to see the sky.
If a person and others go for a date, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person reads the announcement in order to know more about the announcement.
If a person reasons with someone, he will feel reasonable.
If a person is a huge success, he is recognized by his peers as a result.
If a person gets off to a good start, he will feel confident.
If a person is getting on, he will feel confident.
If a person tries to help someone, he wants to help others.
If a person makes her own clothes, he will feel creative.
A person enlivens others's interests in order to help PersonY be happy.
A person helps out in the garden in order to be useful.
If a person worries about others's safety, he wants to protect PersonY.
If a person realizes the gravity of the situation, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person starts a row, he will feel angry.
A person moves out of his parents’ house in order to be independent.
If a person is used to cooking, he cooks well as a result.
If a person prepares to begin school, he is excited about school as a result.
If a person listens to advice from others, he will feel guided.
If a person haggles over the price, he wants to get a better deal.
If a person works on a science project, he will feel motivated.
If a person feels that someone is looking at her, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person is in distress, he will feel helpless.
If a person gets along with everybody, he will feel respected.
If a person accuses others of doing the crime, he wants to prove PersonY guilty.
If a person has thought about it, he will feel concerned.
If a person and others dance a jig, he will feel joyful.
If a person works on a homework assignment, he wants to finish the assignment.
A person begins to accept others in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person prepares for her daily routine, he is organized as a result.
If a person does a lot, he will feel busy.
If a person finds comfort in old things, he wants to keep his old things.
If a person asks a very good question, he will feel intelligent.
If a person is more convincing, he will feel more confident.
A person speaks to me in order to tell me something.
If a person and others finally make love, he will feel content.
If a person receives his due, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to start a new life, he leaves town as a result.
If a person prepares for a good life, he is happy as a result.
A person waits for some friends in order to spend time with friends.
A person gets to the store in order to buy something.
If a person receives the birthday gift, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts the cheers, he will feel happy.
If a person feels frustrated with others's lies, he wants to stop PersonY from lying.
If a person's dad teaches him how to fight, he will feel tough.
If a person is curious about others's friends, he gets to know PersonY's friends as a result.
If a person enjoys a walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person decides to exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person feels a sense of injustice, he will feel angry.
A person explores others’s room in order to see what PersonY has.
A person fends off attackers in order to protect the group.
A person lives by a schedule in order to have a structured life.
A person gives others a hot bath in order to help PersonY.
If a person cuts and splits firewood, he will feel productive.
If a person's children are taking dance lessons, he 's children are becoming dancers as a result.
A person puts on the make-up in order to look attractive.
If a person always has the upper hand, he gets what he wants as a result.
If a person worries about being late, he wants to be on time.
A person talks about his or her illness in order to be open about his or her illness.
If a person explores the surroundings, he wants to explore the world.
If a person fears for others’s health, he wants to help PersonY.
A person visits his friends in another city in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person is rewarded for honesty, he will feel happy.
If a person proposes to Maggie, he will feel happy.
If a person has a sore throat, he will feel miserable.
A person is looking up a word in the dictionary in order to find the meaning of a word.
If a person enjoys a stroll, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets advice from mentor, he will feel supported.
If a person thinks more quickly, he will feel smart.
If a person complains about noise, he wants to have quiet.
A person skips to others's side in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person finds support, he will feel confident.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel comfortable.
A person eats out at a restaurant in order to enjoy a meal.
If a person ponders some more, he thinks about what to do as a result.
If a person negotiates a peace, he will feel peaceful.
If a person sees that others is troubled, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person acquires a new skill, he wants to practice the skill.
A person visits a cemetery in order to pay his respects.
A person gives a lot of things to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person learns how to dance, he is better at dancing as a result.
A person carries on reading in order to read more.
If a person solves her problem, he will feel relieved.
If a person is stumped, he will feel hopeless.
If a person convinces others to buy something, he will feel pleased.
A person studies Christianity in order to understand the religion.
If a person regularly swims, he will feel refreshed.
If a person decides to help, he will feel good.
If a person learns to defend himself, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person's clothes do not fit, he wants to buy new clothes.
If a person outwits others, he will feel triumphant.
A person feeds dog in order to make sure the dog is fed.
If a person observes the scene of the crime, he will feel curious.
If a person acquires a car, he will feel pleased.
If a person smells something rank, he will feel disgusted.
A person plans to leave in order to be independent.
A person starts to think about what the salesman said in order to understand the salesman's offer.
If a person makes up for mistakes, he will feel good.
If a person lets go of resentment, he will feel liberated.
If a person has a warm heart, he is kind to everyone as a result.
If a person finds a good apartment, he is happy as a result.
A person prepares to accept others's resignation in order to respect PersonY's decision.
If a person gets others to promise, he will feel successful.
If a person becomes mature, he becomes more responsible as a result.
A person brings out his thoughts in others in order to make PersonY understand his point of view.
If a person receives flowers from her secret admirer, he will feel happy.
If a person gets the supplies, he will feel pleased.
If a person's job is stressful, he will feel anxious.
If a person searches the news, he will feel curious.
If a person took care of that, he will feel good.
If a person accepts his role, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts to get better, he will feel optimistic.
If a person is successful in his business, he is happy as a result.
If a person settles an old score, he will feel content.
If a person gets rid of it, he will feel relieved.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person finds fault with something, he wants to change it.
A person does more research in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person gets a medical diagnosis, he is prescribed medication as a result.
If a person lands the job, he will feel happy.
If a person appreciates the story, he wants to read more.
If a person explores a hobby, he will feel content.
A person reads what is written in order to understand the book.
If a person gets back to the gym, he is back in shape as a result.
If a person takes an ice-cold shower, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person enjoys hanging out with others, he will feel happy.
If a person is going to see someone about an injury, he wants to get better.
If a person and others settle down, he will feel calm.
If a person is clever and capable, he is successful as a result.
A person is open to therapy in order to get better.
If a person is productive, he will feel confident.
If a person feels deeply attached to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person does not do a bad job at work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes care of his family, he is seen as a good parent.
If a person's fortunes improve, he will feel happy.
A person attempts to solve an important problem in order to succeed.
If a person finds himself a job, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to check on others in order to help PersonY.
If a person looks for the truth, he will feel motivated.
A person meets with his father in order to know his father.
If a person and others attend a concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person is in a quarrel, he will feel frustrated.
If a person learns about PeopleYZ, he wants to know more about PeopleYZ.
If a person gets into the squad, he will feel pleased.
If a person has 'had it' with others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person gets freaked out, he wants to calm down.
If a person has a restful night’s sleep, he is refreshed as a result.
A person travels for the first time in order to see the world.
If a person thinks about the event, he will feel concerned.
A person seeks public office in order to make a difference.
If a person listens to CDs, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets a new promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person sits in front of the computer, he wants to play games.
A person is a successful negotiator in order to be able to get things done.
If a person and others have money problems, he and PersonY are broke as a result.
If a person loves the wild outdoors, he has a passion for camping as a result.
A person thinks about becoming a gardener in order to help the environment.
A person takes part in a march in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person finds out about a problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person reads a bedtime story, he will feel comforted.
A person keeps up the pressure in order to get things done.
If a person cleans it up, he will feel organized.
If a person has received a new inquiry, he wants to respond to the inquiry.
If a person prepares to begin writing again, he will feel confident.
If a person gets quite a deal, he will feel thrilled.
If a person hears of a good hotel, he books a room as a result.
If a person moves into a new home, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes concerned about others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person heads to the club in order to be part of the social scene.
If a person completes the job, he is paid as a result.
If a person trains two hours a day, he is fit as a result.
If a person explores his surroundings, he will feel adventurous.
If a person has a real good time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person measures a room, he measures a room accurately as a result.
A person calls others's cellphone in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person attracts interest from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person drinks a little alcohol, he will feel a little bit drunk.
If a person is practicing meditation, he is calm as a result.
If a person doesn't like others’s animals, he wants to get rid of PersonY's animals.
If a person performs research, he will feel challenged.
If a person attends a class reunion, he meets old friends as a result.
If a person is getting healthy, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a bad move, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person gets an "A" on a test, he will feel pleased.
If a person watches a cool movie, he will feel thrilled.
A person goes to live with her father in order to be closer to her father.
A person does a lot of homework in order to get good grades.
If a person and others go to church, he and PersonY become more religious as a result.
If a person contemplates his situation, he will feel uncertain.
If a person works on a specific task, he completes the task as a result.
If a person treats others's illness, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person works on his term paper, he will feel focused.
If a person reads a book on philosophy, he will feel interested.
If a person has some kind of power, he will feel in control.
A person was following others in order to find out what PersonY is up to.
If a person is afraid of failure, he will feel anxious.
If a person can't get home, he is stranded as a result.
If a person sets out on the journey, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a picnic with his family, he will feel content.
If a person starts on his own, he will feel free.
If a person does something charitable, he will feel pleased.
If a person performs well in bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person works on a new piece of software, he will feel productive.
If a person buys the book, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others lead in prayer, he will feel connected.
If a person becomes more considerate, he will feel good.
If a person plays the accordion, he gets good at playing the accordion as a result.
If a person takes on the risk, he will feel courageous.
If a person will win the award, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a big present, he will feel happy.
A person gets up and goes to work in order to get a job.
A person speaks to others's relative in order to meet PersonY's relative.
If a person takes refuge in the comfort of home, he will feel content.
If a person thinks things through, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person meets a goal, he will feel accomplished.
If a person studies a subject, he learns more about the subject as a result.
If a person feels guilty about the proposal, he wants to make amends.
If a person gets a good mark on a test, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others agree on something, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he will feel calm.
If a person thinks that this time it will be different, he wants to try again.
If a person makes a mental note, he will feel focused.
If a person gets a position, he will feel happy.
A person sends the information in order to get the information to the person.
A person chases an angry cat in order to stop the cat from escaping.
If a person returns to therapy, he feels better as a result.
If a person reads the paper every day, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person solves a problem with an elegant solution, he will feel happy.
If a person was successful, he is happy as a result.
If a person hears an interesting story, he learns something new as a result.
If a person is still sick, he will feel miserable.
A person is very cautious in order to avoid making mistakes.
A person writes a letter to his grandmother in order to keep his grandmother updated.
If a person is enjoying his classes, he will feel challenged.
If a person looks up to God, he wants to be more like God.
If a person rushes to the clinic, he gets a checkup as a result.
If a person learns a particular piece of information, he has a greater understanding of the topic as a result.
If a person likes the service of others, he will feel content.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he will feel happy.
If a person enters university and gets a good degree, he will feel accomplished.
A person visits others on a Saturday morning in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person attempts to be more social in order to make friends.
If a person gets dressed up for a concert, he will feel excited.
If a person follows others's orders, he will feel obedient.
If a person likes an idea, he wants to work on the idea.
If a person holds on to his principles, he will feel determined.
If a person holds a firm position, he will feel confident.
If a person goes on a long vacation, he is happy as a result.
If a person buys tickets to a concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
If a person realizes that they have a problem, he is forced to take action as a result.
If a person practices his photography, he gets better at photography as a result.
If a person takes a friend's advice, he wants to do what his friend says.
If a person promises to study hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person attends a gig, he has a good time as a result.
If a person starts an argument, he is angry as a result.
If a person is doing a good job, he will feel happy.
A person studies for her test in order to do well on her test.
If a person changes into running clothes, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person and others give each other a big hug, he will feel happy.
If a person has new plans for the future, he is excited about the future as a result.
If a person improves his reputation, he will feel important.
A person decides to fly out in order to be independent.
If a person is encouraged to tell the truth, he is honest as a result.
A person sends in college application in order to be accepted to college.
If a person entertains his buddies, he has fun as a result.
If a person tries to solve the crime, he will feel determined.
If a person has received a prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person was worried, he wants to be reassured.
If a person’s salary rises, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins a club, he will feel accepted.
A person decided to investigate in order to know the truth.
If a person puts something in order, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has no relatives to help him, he will feel alone.
A person practices talking in order to improve her public speaking skills.
A person goes home to visit in order to see his family.
If a person's party is a great success, he will feel content.
A person begins a new exercise routine in order to stay healthy.
A person has a long-term lease in order to stay in the same place.
If a person tests out a theory, he learns something new as a result.
A person buys Christmas presents in order to give presents to his family.
If a person has a "bad" day, he will feel frustrated.
A person is present to others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is mature, he will feel confident.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he is upset as a result.
If a person succeeds in exams, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person questions some friends, he finds out more about his friends as a result.
If a person resents it, he wants to be mad.
If a person goes to school for a degree, he will feel determined.
A person calls others to explain the situation in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he will feel peaceful.
If a person enjoys going on walks with others, he will feel happy.
If a person has a new outlook, he will feel excited.
If a person continues to fight, he will feel determined.
If a person finds the right service, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person finds something good on TV, he will feel excited.
If a person is thrown out of a building, he is injured as a result.
If a person begins painting, he will feel creative.
If a person tests a new theory, he wants to see if it works.
A person begins to consider moving away in order to be independent.
A person listens to his neighbors in order to know what is going on in the neighborhood.
If a person got tired of this shit, he wants to quit.
If a person has a financial setback, he is in debt as a result.
If a person overcomes fears, he is more confident as a result.
If a person and others watch a show on television, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a fancy for foods, he wants to eat a lot of food.
If a person is sent to do the shopping, he buys some food as a result.
If a person gets to the bottom of it, he has an answer as a result.
If a person is prepared for an event, he is confident as a result.
If a person makes good on a promise, he will feel happy.
If a person convinces others to talk, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes the fun that can be had, he wants to go out and have fun.
If a person takes up exercise, he will feel excited.
If a person asks about someone, he wants to know more about the person.
If a person leaves an affectionate message, he will feel happy.
If a person finds that she is liked, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person did not get enough sleep, he will feel groggy.
If a person is stressed by studying, he wants to relax.
If a person is mindful of others's condition, he wants to take care of PersonY.
A person calls others about it in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person practices the delivery, he gets better at the delivery as a result.
If a person is irate, he wants to scream.
A person works out every day in order to be healthy.
If a person catches the attention of the media, he is interviewed by the media as a result.
If a person changes a habit, he feels better as a result.
If a person considers his mistakes, he will feel self-critical.
If a person sits down in the shade, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is irate, he wants to yell.
If a person gains awareness, he is aware of a problem as a result.
If a person gets better advice from others, he will feel relieved.
A person pays for others's medical bills in order to help PersonY.
If a person plans a romantic rendezvous, he will feel content.
If a person works on the project, he will feel motivated.
If a person buys the guitar, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets involved in the investigation, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person is a good speaker, he will feel confident.
If a person takes the upper hand, he will feel powerful.
If a person tames others's father, he will feel in control.
If a person reaches a goal, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to leave others in order to be independent.
A person asks her father in order to know her father's opinion.
If a person and others go to a play, he is entertained as a result.
If a person is well-trained, he will feel good.
A person begins a search in order to find a solution.
If a person is writing, he will feel productive.
If a person gets into a fight again, he will feel angry.
If a person asks to be treated nicely, he will feel treated nicely.
If a person thinks about it for a long time, he will feel curious.
If a person does a bang-up job, he will feel pleased.
If a person listens to the news, he is informed of the latest news as a result.
If a person understands the gravity of the situation, he wants to understand the situation.
If a person moves up the corporate ladder, he will feel pleased.
If a person contemplates his mortality, he will feel worried.
If a person worries about others’s health, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person speaks with others's ex, he learns about PersonY's ex as a result.
A person starts to learn a foreign language in order to improve her language skills.
A person learns new tricks in order to be better at tricks.
If a person calls the health service, he gets help as a result.
A person investigates the situation in order to know the truth.
If a person took a quick nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person puts on a wonderful show, he is complimented by the audience as a result.
If a person completes job applications, he will feel competent.
A person plans to go home for vacation in order to be with his family.
If a person learns how to be a leader, he gains confidence as a result.
A person mowed the lawn in order to keep the lawn looking nice.
A person puts a load in the washing machine in order to get the laundry done.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he wants to be a good employee.
A person returns to the neighbourhood in order to be part of the community.
If a person thinks about a dream, he wants to remember the dream.
If a person regrets putting the cat outside, he wants to keep the cat inside.
If a person starts doing better, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds a new mate, he will feel pleased.
If a person experiences the world, he learns about the world as a result.
If a person feels let down, he wants to feel better.
If a person does yoga exercises, he wants to be in shape.
If a person believes others is dishonest, he wants to prove PersonY is dishonest.
If a person builds a fire in the fireplace, he will feel warm.
If a person settles into a vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person stops a crime, he will feel victorious.
If a person performs some manual tasks, he will feel productive.
A person visits the archives in order to learn more about the past.
If a person finally finishes the experiment, he will feel accomplished.
A person repairs an old chair in order to restore the chair.
If a person tells stories to a group, he is seen as interesting.
If a person and others's good times together, he will feel content.
If a person starts playing video games, he will feel excited.
If a person drinks more than one drink, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person watches a comedy show, he will feel amused.
A person buys himself some books in order to be a reader.
A person practices juggling in order to improve his skills.
If a person gets a sports car, he will feel happy.
If a person learns a dance, he gets better at dancing as a result.
If a person celebrates with friends, he has a good time as a result.
A person decides to take a day off in order to relax.
If a person accepts a birthday present, he will feel happy.
A person has dinner with others's relatives in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person begins work, he wants to work hard.
If a person gets injured in the rain, he is in pain as a result.
A person goes to others's place in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person spends some time at home, he will feel happy.
A person goes to the art gallery with friends in order to enjoy the art.
If a person tells others that they had fun together, he will feel good.
If a person decides to relax, he feels good as a result.
A person dresses up with clothes in order to look good.
If a person stops to sing a song, he will feel happy.
If a person gives others a shoulder massage, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person identifies an epidemic, he wants to do something about it.
If a person and others agree to buy a present, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to all terms, he is satisfied as a result.
A person applies to the university in order to get a good education.
If a person gets one up on others, he will feel pleased.
If a person builds something, he will feel creative.
If a person and others fall down the stairs, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person got a good price for his house, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees a great movie, he will feel amazed.
If a person signs up for MMA classes, he gets into shape as a result.
If a person has a good night, he will feel refreshed.
If a person spends time in prayer, he will feel connected.
A person would give others a bath in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person learns how to play tennis in order to be good at tennis.
If a person visits the place, he will feel curious.
A person serves as head of household in order to take care of the family.
If a person has to hire a new employee, he wants to find a good employee.
If a person works on something, he wants to finish it.
If a person enjoys meeting others, he wants to see PersonY again.
If a person dresses for an evening out, he will feel stylish.
If a person is looked up to, he will feel important.
If a person has completed his studies, he has graduated as a result.
If a person engages in poetry, he will feel inspired.
If a person is new to a job, he will feel uncertain.
If a person looks it up online, he will feel curious.
A person writes to his mother in order to keep his mother in his life.
If a person makes money, he will feel satisfied.
A person uses a direct question in order to know the truth.
A person writes a statement in order to express her feelings.
A person takes his bath in order to feel clean.
If a person performs in the community, he will feel confident.
A person follows others to a bar in order to have a drink with PersonY.
If a person becomes fascinated with it, he wants to read about it.
If a person pays a visit, he wants to talk.
If a person feels that someone else is wrong, he wants to find out who is wrong.
If a person has a situation in his hands, he wants to make a decision.
If a person is with his friends, he has fun as a result.
A person goes away to a new place in order to explore a new place.
A person drives to her sister's house in order to see her sister.
If a person worries about a rash, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person enjoys this city, he wants to stay in this city.
If a person enjoys their new home, he will feel peaceful.
A person does household chores in order to keep the house clean.
If a person looks it up on a website, he will feel curious.
If a person is learning to play the piano, he is improving his skills as a result.
A person heads out for a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person gets tickets to the concert, he is happy as a result.
A person stays married in order to keep his marriage together.
A person speaks with a good voice in order to be well spoken.
If a person begins the investigation, he wants to solve the case.
If a person follows the path of enlightenment, he will feel blissful.
If a person practices being polite, he is more polite as a result.
If a person struggles for time, he will feel frustrated.
If a person learns a new skill, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person worries about an approaching storm, he wants to take shelter.
If a person sees the mistake, he corrects the mistake as a result.
If a person gets the good grades, he will feel confident.
If a person waits for others to finish talking, he does not interrupt as a result.
If a person keeps thinking others will call, he will feel hopeful.
A person agrees to take part in a course in order to learn.
If a person is celebrating with friends, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets on his laptop, he plays games as a result.
If a person is concerned about something, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person takes a course online, he learns something new as a result.
If a person attends a party, he has fun as a result.
If a person makes a tasty meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person defeats others in court, he will feel triumphant.
If a person finally gets to work, he will feel productive.
If a person makes ready to proceed, he will feel confident.
If a person beats others in a competition, he will feel confident.
A person wants to give it a try in order to experience something new.
If a person gets the good news, he will feel excited.
If a person decided to hang out, he will feel happy.
A person puts in a long day in order to be a hard worker.
If a person studies the night sky, he wants to learn more about the stars.
If a person looks up something in the library, he is able to find the information as a result.
If a person hears a distressing rumour, he is upset as a result.
If a person's mother cares for her son, he will feel cared for.
A person begins studying for tomorrow's exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person develops a feel for the game, he will feel relaxed.
If a person turns it all around, he will feel triumphant.
If a person suspects others to be unreliable, he wants to be sure that PersonY is reliable.
If a person steals and immediately regrets it, he wants to apologize.
If a person enjoys another day off, he will feel relaxed.
If a person begins piano lessons, he improves his piano skills as a result.
If a person does his best, he will feel good.
If a person works with colleagues, he learns to work with others as a result.
A person reads up about it in order to be informed.
If a person dresses with gusto, he looks fantastic as a result.
If a person escapes to freedom, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is over-committed, he will feel exhausted.
If a person plays with kids, he has a good time as a result.
If a person doesn’t understand the problem, he will feel puzzled.
A person helps others through thick and thin in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person solves problem1 by being proactive, he will feel smart.
A person gets others to sit down in order to make PersonY comfortable.
If a person becomes accustomed to a job, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets ready to study, he studies hard as a result.
If a person considers others an expert in a specific topic, he wants to learn more about PersonY's topic.
A person tries to write something in order to be creative.
If a person hurts his back, he is in pain as a result.
If a person gets better all the time, he will feel happy.
A person delivers an apology in order to make amends.
If a person has an interesting conversation, he is pleased with the conversation as a result.
If a person finds fault with others, he wants to criticize others.
If a person succeeds at socializing, he will feel confident.
If a person races to others's home, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
A person plays a song on a new musical instrument in order to express himself.
If a person gets a hunch about others, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person looks up the word, he will feel curious.
A person proceeds to the family dinner in order to be a part of the family.
A person stays out till late with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person was the one to call others in order to help PersonY.
If a person sticks up for himself, he will feel strong.
If a person has a good time, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes a good friend, he is liked by his friends as a result.
A person sings others a lullaby in order to help PersonY sleep.
If a person's life improves, he will feel happy.
A person cleans up after herself in order to be neat.
If a person hears something disturbing, he becomes upset as a result.
If a person learns to sail a boat, he is good at sailing as a result.
If a person finds hope and self-esteem in counseling, he wants to be happy.
If a person seeks assistance, he is helped as a result.
A person has got some odd jobs in order to earn some money.
If a person and others work it out, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person takes a warm shower, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person makes a good living, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to the school reunion, he meets her old friends as a result.
If a person watches the sporting event, he will feel entertained.
A person starts to dig in order to find something.
If a person has a good job, he is happy as a result.
If a person finally gets some rest, he is well rested as a result.
If a person regrets something that has happened, he wants to change the past.
If a person and others have a huge fight, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
A person helps in a neighborhood crisis in order to help others.
If a person has a vacation, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person learns a great deal, he will feel enlightened.
If a person dressed up for a party, he will feel cool.
If a person settles into a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person changes his ways, he wants to be a better person.
If a person gains wisdom, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he will feel sympathetic.
If a person is concerned for others, he wants to protect PersonY.
If a person does something noble, he will feel proud.
A person visits Grandmother in order to spend time with his grandmother.
If a person and others visit Disneyland, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person sees a friend for the first time in ages, he is happy to see his friend as a result.
If a person feels what others says, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person decides to go away in order to have a break.
If a person has doubts about her partner, he wants to be sure about her partner.
If a person has a bad time at a party, he is in a bad mood as a result.
If a person cuts his hand on glass, he will feel in pain.
A person begins to write a book in order to express her thoughts.
If a person enjoys another night with a friend, he will feel content.
If a person takes care of all personal matters, he is able to handle everything as a result.
If a person reflects on the consequences, he makes a decision as a result.
A person decides to send a message in order to express her feelings.
If a person regrets his recent actions, he wants to make amends.
If a person signs up for classes, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets good news from others, he will feel happy.
A person wants to come home in order to be reunited with his family.
If a person goes out to dinner with others, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person gets rewarded, he is happy as a result.
A person teaches diligently in order to be a good teacher.
If a person kicks back and relaxes, he will feel at peace.
If a person watches TV at home, he will feel entertained.
If a person goes to theater, he will feel amused.
If a person buys the pizza, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he will feel calm.
If a person cries his heart out, he will feel devastated.
If a person enjoys to run, he will feel energized.
A person builds an army in order to be powerful.
A person tries to find information in order to know more about the case.
If a person is made to feel welcome, he will feel happy.
If a person and others drink a case of beer together, he and PersonY are intoxicated as a result.
If a person practices the choreography, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person cannot endure his trouble, he wants to be in a better situation.
If a person takes a week long vacation, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person moves to the beat, he will feel in sync.
If a person consults the New York Times, he will feel informed.
If a person contemplates personY’s health, he wants to improve personY’s health.
If a person solves a difficult math problem, he will feel pleased.
A person moves out of the flat in order to live on her own.
If a person learns new self-defense skills, he will feel safe.
A person posts a message on the message board in order to share his opinion.
A person avoids others's advances in order to be free of PersonY's influence.
A person gives great service in order to make customers happy.
A person spends time at a job in order to be gainfully employed.
If a person wins a chess match, he will feel confident.
A person leaves his or her job in order to pursue a new career.
A person interviews a maid in order to learn more about the maid.
If a person takes up a new job, he will feel pleased.
If a person is complaining about the bad smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person takes English classes, he improves her English as a result.
If a person and others starts an argument, he will feel irritated.
A person checks the patient's pulse in order to know if the patient is alive.
If a person starts going to the library everyday, he reads more books as a result.
If a person does his exercise, he will feel motivated.
If a person sinks into the couch, he will feel relaxed.
If a person talks to Ted, he gets to know Ted as a result.
If a person wins the football match, he will feel confident.
If a person gives a great presentation, he will feel confident.
A person tries to be an apprentice in order to learn a new skill.
If a person is enrolled in school, he will feel motivated.
If a person dined at an expensive restaurant, he paid a lot of money as a result.
If a person takes part in an argument, he becomes angry as a result.
If a person receives the goods, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person signs a deal, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to care for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person watches old home movies, he becomes nostalgic as a result.
A person confronts someone in order to know the truth.
A person starts working on an idea in order to be productive.
If a person buys groceries, he has food in the house as a result.
If a person shows off his creation, he will feel proud.
If a person and others promise to do something, he will feel motivated.
If a person prepares a special meal, he will feel pleased.
A person reads articles and books in order to learn more.
If a person has a nice dinner, he will feel content.
If a person gets better all the time, he is happy as a result.
If a person sings to the tune of a song, he will feel joyous.
If a person knows what to do, he does what he knows as a result.
If a person gets better at this, he will feel confident.
If a person wins an election, he will feel triumphant.
If a person can’t think of what to do, he will feel puzzled.
A person packs for his vacation in order to have a nice vacation.
If a person visits a local museum, he will feel curious.
A person rushes over to his colleague in order to make sure his colleague is okay.
A person takes some time to think about it in order to consider his options.
A person reads in the Bible in order to understand the Bible.
If a person finds a peaceful place, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person becomes the President of others's fan club, he will feel powerful.
A person takes others to the movie theater in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person acts normally, he will feel confident.
If a person and others go out for a burger, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person is overcome with guilt, he wants to apologize.
A person is others’s longest friend in order to support PersonY.
If a person does something fun, he will feel excited.
If a person gets puzzled, he wants to figure out the problem.
If a person goes to the sea, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is completely in the wrong, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person finds hope and self-esteem in counseling, he is happier as a result.
If a person reflects on ethical theory, he will feel curious.
If a person sees a message in the sky, he wants to know what it means.
A person speaks in others's defense in order to help PersonY.
If a person has a lot of time, he has time to do what he wants as a result.
If a person can't get over his bad luck, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is suspicious about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person has had a bad night, he will feel upset.
If a person becomes involved in the neighborhood watch, he wants to help his neighbors.
If a person wakes up early to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds another passion, he wants to pursue that passion.
If a person has a great time, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person takes others to a ball game, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person leaves to catch the train in order to be in time for the train.
If a person has a long-term lease, he will feel secure.
A person sees the doctor in order to have a check up.
If a person finally eats, he will feel full.
If a person writes down everything others says, he remembers everything PersonY says as a result.
If a person does his work, he will feel content.
If a person wins a lawsuit, he will feel triumphant.
A person starts classes in order to get an education.
If a person is well dressed, he will feel beautiful.
A person practices another instrument in order to be better at something.
If a person has the right to remain silent, he does not speak as a result.
A person makes sure others is alright in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person tries to put on makeup, he wants to be beautiful.
If a person beats others's score, he will feel good.
If a person gets some free advice, he will feel good.
If a person finds refuge, he will feel peaceful.
A person explores the tunnel in order to find out what is down there.
A person leaves the city in order to be independent.
A person reports the facts in order to be accurate.
If a person attends others's performance, he will feel entertained.
A person starts therapy in order to feel better.
If a person enjoys a snack, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes into outer space in order to explore the universe.
If a person learns a craft, he will feel skilled.
If a person trains kendo, he is skilled in kendo as a result.
If a person plays well with others, he will feel good.
If a person tells his tale to the villagers, he is seen as interesting.
A person lets it all sink in in order to understand the situation.
A person goes into the hospital in order to get treatment.
If a person puts on the jacket, he will feel comfortable.
If a person learns the game, he becomes a better player as a result.
If a person returns to the doctor, he will feel concerned.
If a person reads an article in the newspaper, he will feel interested.
If a person cares about something, he wants to make sure that something is okay.
A person fixes the damage in order to make sure the damage is fixed.
If a person shops for new clothing, he will feel comfortable.
If a person takes on the others case, he wants to solve the case.
A person practices a new skill in order to be better at a new skill.
If a person is eager to listen, he will feel open.
If a person realizes what is missing, he wants to get what is missing.
If a person gets complimented by the teacher, he will feel good.
A person behaves in an honest manner in order to be a good person.
A person spends lots of time practicing in order to be good at a sport.
If a person's patience is wearing thin, he wants to fight.
A person decides to buy something for himself in order to be self sufficient.
If a person agrees to study, he will feel determined.
If a person convinces others to stay, he will feel confident.
If a person retreats into isolation, he will feel lonely.
If a person learns how to be nice, he will feel good.
If a person thanks others for his help, he will feel happy.
A person examines the text in order to find out what the text says.
A person puts on clean sheets in order to feel clean.
If a person does not have to worry, he will feel peaceful.
A person undergoes therapy in order to get better.
If a person suffers loss, he will feel sad.
A person attends a computer class in order to learn how to use a computer.
A person leaves the computer station in order to get away from the computer.
If a person takes  to parties, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes a different path, he wants to be a different person.
A person works on a piece of art in order to be creative.
If a person takes in a family, he gets to know the family as a result.
A person starts another job in order to make money.
A person agrees to meet her friends in order to spend time with her friends.
If a person finds a hole in others's argument, he wants to correct PersonY's argument.
If a person suffers from severe writer's block, he will feel frustrated.
If a person spends time with her family, he will feel happy.
A person phones the repair service in order to get the problem fixed.
If a person enjoys the dancing, he will feel energized.
If a person's house has been burglarized, he will feel worried.
If a person is attacked by a person, he is injured as a result.
A person stops at a bookstore in order to buy a book.
If a person kicks around some ideas, he will feel interested.
If a person visits a car dealer, he will feel interested.
If a person arranges for a holiday, he will feel pleased.
A person had a real go at it in order to succeed.
A person keeps wandering around in order to explore the world.
If a person decided to take care of the matter, he will feel in control.
If a person considers the possible actions, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gets a positive result, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks out advice, he wants to know more.
If a person reads what is written, he understands the meaning as a result.
If a person treats everyone well, he is appreciated by everyone as a result.
If a person wonders why others is right, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person watches with a smile, he will feel content.
A person gives others a lift home in order to help PersonY.
If a person realizes that he doesn't like his job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person goes to a health club, he will feel healthy.
If a person used the Internet to find out, he will feel informed.
A person reads the poem to others in order to share the poem with PersonY.
A person test-drives a new vehicle in order to try something new.
If a person reads a science article, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person starts watching something, he will feel interested.
If a person keeps his guard up, he does not make a fool of himself as a result.
If a person goes to choir practice, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys others's visit, he will feel content.
A person visits others’s parents in order to spend time with PersonY’s family.
If a person performs a service for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person follows his own instincts, he will feel independent.
If a person goes for a long walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes to the ocean, he will feel relaxed.
If a person hears others needs help, he gives PersonY a hand as a result.
If a person examines the possibility, he will feel intrigued.
If a person takes up dancing, he will feel happy.
If a person makes friends with a girl, he will feel happy.
A person tries to tell her family in order to be honest.
If a person struggles to get his business done, he will feel stressed.
If a person takes advantage of an opportunity, he will feel successful.
If a person brings home the gold, he is happy as a result.
A person spends the evening with her friend in order to spend time with her friend.
If a person isn’t so sure about this, he wants to be sure.
A person signs up for a karate class in order to improve his skills.
If a person accepts others’s congratulations, he feels happy as a result.
If a person believes that others is making progress, he will feel encouraged.
If a person makes a detailed plan, he wants to follow through.
If a person keeps his cool, he will feel relaxed.
If a person receives a monetary donation, he will feel appreciated.
If a person joins the boxing team, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person finds he is in danger, he wants to be safe.
If a person has a failed business venture, he loses money as a result.
A person buys many books in order to read many books.
If a person is the member of a group, he will feel included.
If a person gets approval, he is pleased as a result.
If a person figures out a solution, he will feel smart.
If a person worries about others's welfare, he wants to protect PersonY.
If a person and others play on the floor, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts to swim, he gets into shape as a result.
If a person has a fire, he is burned as a result.
If a person realizes that a lie has been told, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person takes others out of the city, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person and others work together on a project, he is seen as a team player.
If a person finds a way to solve a problem, he will feel successful.
If a person reads the local newspaper, he will feel entertained.
A person goes to work as usual in order to be productive.
If a person's hangover gets worse, he will feel miserable.
If a person calculates the next step, he will feel focused.
If a person seeks advice from others, he is helped by PersonY as a result.
If a person gets used to a new program, he is happy with the program as a result.
If a person has a peaceful life, he will feel content.
If a person is in a difficult situation, he will feel stressed.
If a person arranges to meet the doctor, he has a checkup as a result.
If a person enjoys the conversation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person realizes he forgot something, he wants to remember what he forgot.
If a person makes a case for something, he will feel passionate.
A person tries to find money in order to be able to pay for things.
A person takes part in the sport in order to be active.
A person decides to drive with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person becomes a top player, he is famous as a result.
If a person enjoys playing baseball, he wants to play more baseball.
If a person is taken to a movie, he will feel happy.
A person looks up her mom in order to find out more about her mom.
If a person wins at a game, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to care, he wants to be kind.
A person gains information in order to find out more about the situation.
If a person admires the temple, he wants to go to the temple.
If a person enjoys learning, he will feel inspired.
A person takes the necklace to a jeweler in order to get the necklace appraised.
If a person consults an expert, he wants to learn more.
A person takes part in an event in order to be a part of something.
If a person discusses it immediately, he will feel open.
If a person finishes an essay, he will feel accomplished.
A person has always behaved so in order to follow the rules.
If a person buys GirlZ a gift, he will feel pleased.
A person refuses to go along with the crowd in order to be independent.
A person continues to read about that in order to know more about that.
If a person discovers a new treat, he wants to eat it.
If a person suffers an injustice, he wants to see justice done.
If a person forms a plan, he wants to execute the plan.
If a person works out constantly, he will feel fit.
If a person learns how to dance, he is a better dancer as a result.
If a person does as told, he will feel obedient.
If a person invites others for a walk, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person buys a gift for someone in order to show his appreciation.
If a person becomes distrustful, he is suspicious of others as a result.
If a person completes a plan, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is very successful, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is glad to receive praise, he will feel encouraged.
If a person listens to others's thoughts, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person finds peace, he will feel happy.
If a person moves into a new place, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to question, he will feel confused.
If a person has just eaten, he will feel full.
If a person gets engaged to others, he will feel happy.
A person has a look at the letter in order to find out what is in the letter.
If a person asks for the lecture notes, he learns the material as a result.
If a person is quite prepared, he will feel secure.
If a person moves into a luxurious home, he will feel pleased.
If a person is open to suggestion, he will feel encouraged.
If a person continues drinking, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is agitated because of something that happened, he wants to find out what happened.
A person is working at a job in order to earn money.
A person asks a person related to others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person has a confrontation, he will feel angry.
If a person lives a life of meaning, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes plans to attend the ball, he will feel pleased.
If a person has an uneventful day, he will feel calm.
If a person joins a knitting club, he will feel motivated.
If a person reasons about a matter, he reaches a conclusion as a result.
A person decides to follow the rules in order to do what is right.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel relaxed.
If a person helps to move others's furniture, he will feel helpful.
A person makes a post to a newsgroup in order to communicate with others.
If a person gets complimented, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to listen to the radio, he becomes a fan of the radio as a result.
If a person continues training, he will feel determined.
If a person knows there’s a treasure, he wants to find the treasure.
If a person sings old folk songs, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person volunteers at a homeless shelter, he will feel compassionate.
If a person gets some exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person starts working on a plan, he will feel determined.
If a person participates in activism, he will feel committed.
If a person worries about the ozone layer, he wants to protect the ozone layer.
If a person is pushed into the pit, he is hurt as a result.
If a person always has the upper hand, he will feel confident.
If a person is able to defeat others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sings with friends, he feels happy as a result.
If a person decides to begin cooking, he enjoys cooking as a result.
If a person finds a new mate, he will feel content.
If a person takes a day off, he is rested as a result.
If a person uses the skills, he will feel skilled.
If a person starts an online group, he meets other people as a result.
A person thinks about moving away in order to be independent.
A person continues to fight in order to get better.
If a person finally visits others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person buys the house of her dreams, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good record, he will feel good.
If a person watches with a smile, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is obnoxious, he is disliked as a result.
If a person has her car tuned up, he has a smoother ride as a result.
A person rubs elbows with high society in order to be accepted by the upper class.
If a person has a new girlfriend, he will feel happy.
If a person is worried about the family, he wants to protect the family.
If a person practices self-help methods, he wants to get better.
If a person brings back good news, he will feel happy.
If a person feels strongly about something, he does something about it as a result.
If a person starts to see others in new light, he starts to like PersonY as a result.
If a person starts to act differently, he wants to be a better person.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he will feel confident.
If a person participates in a community service project, he wants to help others.
A person sends a text to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person is puzzled by the change, he wants to know why.
A person keeps the party going in order to make sure the party is a success.
If a person submits his application, he wants to get a job.
A person vows to leave home in order to start a new life.
If a person and others have a shower, he and PersonY are both clean as a result.
If a person realizes that a mistake has been made, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person realizes he has to act now, he will feel determined.
If a person kills a lot of things, he is known as a killer as a result.
A person practices tennis in order to be good at tennis.
If a person got a book published, he will feel accomplished.
A person spends a lot of time working in order to make money.
If a person notices others is ill, he is concerned about PersonY as a result.
If a person is given a position of power, he will feel valued.
If a person gets a job in New York, he wants to live in New York.
A person participates in activities in order to be active.
If a person is enjoying his classes, he will feel excited.
If a person wants to improve her relationship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person asks the right question, he wants to know the answer.
A person promises to visit me in order to be able to spend time with me.
If a person discovers others is a good guy, he likes PersonY as a result.
A person tries to get home in order to be with his family.
If a person has been collecting information, he wants to find out more.
If a person hears some interesting news, he wants to hear more.
If a person puts on a sexy show, he will feel attractive.
If a person looks up to her, he wants to be like her.
If a person confides his troubles to someone, he will feel understood.
If a person sobs uncontrollably, he will feel devastated.
A person agrees to take responsibility in order to do the right thing.
If a person searches for information, he finds information as a result.
If a person gets rid of some things, he feels lighter as a result.
A person gives it to charity in order to help others.
If a person joins an outdoor play, he learns to play sports as a result.
If a person realizes the fun that can be had, he learns to enjoy life as a result.
If a person dresses up for a fancy party, he will feel sexy.
If a person feels rotten, he wants to feel better.
If a person chooses to make this day better than yesterday, he is happy as a result.
If a person sets an example for others, he will feel respected.
If a person complains about inefficiency, he wants to work more efficiently.
If a person plays banjo, he is a good banjo player as a result.
If a person considers it a drawback, he wants to be free of the burden.
If a person starts to find old people extremely irritating, he wants to be able to get away from old people.
If a person and others are kind to each other, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person suffers from cold feet, he wants to get warm feet.
If a person witnesses something terrible, he will feel upset.
If a person thanks the waiter, he will feel pleased.
A person tells the story in order to share his experience.
If a person tries new things, he will feel curious.
If a person knows something's going to happen, he wants to know what's going on.
A person goes for a morning walk in order to be active.
If a person creates a to-do list, he wants to complete the list.
If a person doesn’t understand the whole thing, he will feel confused.
If a person makes an effort to help others, he wants to be a good person.
A person and others paint the room together in order to make the room look nice.
If a person earns a certificate, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has others's best interest in mind, he wants to protect PersonY.
If a person devotes his time to others, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person likes the results, he wants to do it again.
If a person is dissatisfied with the results, he wants to be satisfied.
A person tries to buy the family a house in order to provide a better life for his family.
If a person finishes the novel, he will feel accomplished.
If a person joins a discussion, he will feel interested.
A person thinks of alternatives in order to find a solution.
If a person is motivated to talk about it, he is able to express his feelings as a result.
A person travels to others's home in order to meet PersonY.
A person tucks into bed in order to rest.
A person works on a time table in order to be on time.
If a person is frustrated by the Internet, he wants to be offline.
A person stays out of others's way in order to avoid PersonY's anger.
A person returns to the office in order to continue working.
A person is busy in the office in order to get things done.
If a person speaks with a Native American, he learns about Native Americans as a result.
If a person gets his hands on money, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets back on the wagon, he will feel relieved.
If a person engages in a lot of trade, he is a successful trader as a result.
If a person tries to find out more, he will feel determined.
If a person arranges a marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person is eating something, he will feel full.
If a person takes a high school class, he will feel interested.
If a person realizes a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person makes up for his mistakes, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes an ethical decision, he will feel good.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he understands the lecture as a result.
If a person is singing, he will feel joyful.
A person follows the driver in order to know where he is going.
If a person calculates the right path, he will feel successful.
A person is researching on their own in order to be independent.
If a person finds his target, he will feel successful.
If a person puts in a word for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person learns from the experience, he will feel wise.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he will feel content.
If a person is now an extremely attractive individual, he is sought after by many women as a result.
If a person's expectations met, he is happy as a result.
A person reads for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person learns about computers, he is able to do more on the computer as a result.
If a person helps the old man across the street, he will feel helpful.
If a person has come to the party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person watches some cool shows, he will feel entertained.
If a person prepares her homework, he will feel productive.
If a person has a terrible time, he will feel frustrated.
A person shares his thoughts with others in order to be understood.
If a person exchanges knowledge, he learns something new as a result.
If a person has two accidents, he is injured as a result.
If a person always has the upper hand, he will feel in control.
A person works on his car in order to finish his car.
If a person and others has an accident, he and PersonY get injured as a result.
If a person can’t relax, he will feel anxious.
If a person starts quarreling with others, he will feel angry.
If a person can't think of what to say, he will feel lost.
If a person regrets having done it, he wants to never do it again.
If a person finds life in the city difficult, he will feel frustrated.
If a person feels compassion for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person practices to avoid depression, he will feel motivated.
If a person is fully organized, he will feel in control.
A person spends hours on the project in order to finish the project.
If a person realizes that something is wrong, he takes action as a result.
If a person and others suddenly fall in love, he wants to get married.
If a person continues going to school, he will feel motivated.
If a person performs in the community, he gets praised by the community as a result.
If a person is getting on, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes the significance of her mistake, he is remorseful as a result.
If a person eventually gets the job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is growing up, he is taller as a result.
If a person and others goes to the sea, he and PersonY enjoy the sea as a result.
If a person decides to live with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person argues with a relative, he will feel upset.
A person puts on his glasses in order to see clearly.
If a person gets better at this, he will feel successful.
If a person observes other people doing things, he will feel interested.
If a person is making improvements, he will feel motivated.
A person is out for a walk in order to be active.
If a person asked for it, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes a success, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to swim, he becomes a good swimmer as a result.
If a person opens a page, he will feel intrigued.
If a person seeks more friends, he makes new friends as a result.
If a person likes a challenge, he wants to prove himself.
If a person thinks about employment, he wants to find a job.
A person explores his surroundings in order to learn more about the world.
If a person watches an interesting soap opera, he is enthralled by the plot as a result.
If a person attends an outdoor concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
A person intends to see a therapist in order to get over her problems.
If a person eventually got fed up, he lost his temper as a result.
A person goes the extra mile in order to be the best.
If a person is hailed as a hero, he will feel respected.
If a person slays the Beast, he will feel victorious.
If a person obtains employment, he will feel hopeful.
If a person begins to feel sad, he wants to feel better.
If a person watches a comedy, he will feel amused.
If a person is dissatisfied with job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he wants to stop the suffering.
If a person and others agree to a truce, he will feel peaceful.
If a person always puts everything back in place, he will feel orderly.
A person sells a lot of stuff in order to make money.
If a person has found a new direction, he will feel confident.
If a person works at the top, he will feel confident.
If a person runs the household, he gets the house in order as a result.
If a person has a good idea, he will feel happy.
A person reads good books in order to learn.
If a person shows growth in working toward a goal, he wants to keep working toward his goal.
If a person made a grave mistake, he wants to apologize.
A person puts his hand on the doorknob in order to leave.
If a person is back on track, he will feel pleased.
If a person lives a full life, he will feel happy.
A person buys dinner for others in order to help PersonY.
A person draws up a list in order to be prepared.
If a person thinks back to yesterday, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person writes an important paper, he wants to finish the paper.
If a person buys a large order, he will feel pleased.
If a person leads a charmed life, he will feel joyful.
If a person buys a gift for someone, he will feel pleased.
A person reaches others in order to help PersonY.
A person tries to investigate in order to find out the truth.
If a person is going to the library, he wants to study.
If a person buys himself a new computer, he will feel pleased.
If a person is successful in a sales pitch, he will feel happy.
If a person has plans for the future, he will feel hopeful.
If a person and others stay together for many years, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person packs the day bag in order to be ready for a trip.
A person feeds the dogs in order to make sure the dogs are fed.
If a person knows that others is being honest, he trusts PersonY as a result.
If a person delivers a brilliant speech, he will feel proud.
A person follows others's words in order to do what PersonY says.
If a person receives a pat on the back, he will feel pleased.
If a person pursues a master’s degree, he earns a master’s degree as a result.
If a person gets to spend quality time with others, he will feel happy.
A person goes for a short walk in order to relax.
A person had taken the test in order to pass the test.
A person puts in an application in order to be accepted.
If a person has a heavy day, he will feel exhausted.
If a person takes over a meeting, he will feel in control.
If a person decides to do it himself, he will feel confident.
If a person gets the part, he is happy as a result.
If a person shares life experiences, he is seen as interesting.
If a person decides on a job, he will feel happy.
If a person is unsatisfied with his actions, he wants to change his actions.
If a person hires a tutor, he wants to be smarter.
A person continues at a university in order to continue with his studies.
A person moves up in rank in order to advance in his career.
A person asks a bunch of questions in order to be informed.
A person contributes money to charity in order to help others.
A person kicks back and relaxes in order to enjoy the moment.
If a person applies for a promotion, he will feel optimistic.
If a person feels very bad, he wants to feel better.
A person takes a few risks in order to be more adventurous.
If a person buys a new camera, he wants to take more pictures.
If a person will learn something new, he will be interested as a result.
If a person revisits his mother’s grave, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person continues his work, he will feel focused.
If a person paces around the living room, he will feel restless.
If a person has a wonderful weekend, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person looks at others's legs, he admires PersonY's legs as a result.
If a person read the book, he learned something as a result.
If a person is training hard, he is fit as a result.
If a person proves his dominance, he will feel confident.
If a person is professional, he will feel successful.
If a person takes notice of the surroundings, he will feel alert.
If a person cares about the well-being of others, he wants to help others.
If a person gets the right answers, he will feel pleased.
A person raises a question in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person reads from the Koran, he will feel religious.
A person practices a speech in order to improve her public speaking skills.
A person always hangs around others in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
If a person go for a walk in the woods, he will feel peaceful.
A person works hard all day in order to be a good employee.
If a person is unhappy with her job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person joins in a discussion, he will feel interested.
A person finds something to drink in order to be refreshed.
If a person thinks something over, he wants to make a decision.
If a person strikes gold, he will feel elated.
If a person starts to date again, he is happy as a result.
A person decides to see her mother in order to be close to her mother.
If a person finds a book to learn from, he improves his reading skills as a result.
A person really takes care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person notices something missing, he wants to get something back.
If a person is on a quest to learn more, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person is offered a high-paying job, he will feel happy.
If a person settles into a job, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person discovers something about herself, he wants to know more about herself.
If a person does a good deed, he is thanked by the community as a result.
If a person begins to bleed, he will feel in pain.
If a person puts personY’s interests first, he wants to make sure that personY is happy.
If a person has a vacation from work, he has a relaxing vacation as a result.
If a person had a feeling, he wants to know what it was.
If a person gets the extra help he needed, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a blessing, he will feel grateful.
If a person feels in need of help, he seeks professional help as a result.
If a person successfully fights others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has a happy relationship, he will feel secure.
If a person eats a nice meal, he will feel content.
A person puts out the flames in order to keep the fire from spreading.
If a person is good at making decisions, he will feel in control.
A person listens to reason in order to understand the situation.
A person tries to embrace others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person discovers a new detail, he wants to look at the details.
If a person expects the worse, he wants to prepare for the worst.
If a person finds a group to support his recovery, he will feel hopeful.
If a person takes the lead in a race, he will feel in control.
If a person dances at the prom, he will feel happy.
If a person doesn’t know what to do, he will feel lost.
A person goes ahead with a plan in order to get something done.
If a person comes up with an alternative, he wants to use the alternative.
If a person writes a good poem, he will feel pleased.
If a person withdraws from all activities, he becomes a recluse as a result.
If a person is dressed and made up, he will feel pretty.
A person takes it home in order to be able to use it.
If a person takes a trip with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person asks for an explanation, he gets an explanation as a result.
If a person checks out the scene, he is intrigued as a result.
If a person thinks for herself, he wants to make her own decisions.
If a person agrees to start a group, he gets a group of friends as a result.
A person begins self-publishing in order to be in control of his own work.
If a person goes running with the dogs, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person and others go for a date, he will feel romantic.
If a person decides to shower instead, he will feel refreshed.
A person reads the chart in order to understand the data.
If a person attends the opening of an art gallery, he wants to see the art.
If a person teaches others how to play golf, he makes PersonY a better golfer as a result.
If a person and others danced, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person gets tired of dealing with it, he wants to quit.
If a person watches TV series, he will feel entertained.
If a person reports the dog missing, he wants to get the dog back.
If a person does some web surfing, he learns about the Internet as a result.
If a person came up with an idea, he wants to work on the idea.
If a person finally reconciles with others, he will feel happy.
If a person studies an advanced topic, he will feel motivated.
If a person stands up against something, he will feel powerful.
If a person feels she is being watched, he will feel nervous.
If a person and others visit the sea, he and PersonY are impressed by the sea as a result.
If a person keeps it together, he will feel confident.
If a person wins the award, he is pleased as a result.
If a person took a trip to her favorite place, he will feel content.
If a person writes a friendly letter, he will feel good.
If a person is making progress with writing a book, he is happy with his progress as a result.
A person offers a prayer of thanksgiving in order to thank God for his blessings.
A person takes a painting class in order to be a better artist.
If a person receives favorable service, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person arranges her papers, he will feel organized.
If a person organizes a dinner, he has a successful dinner as a result.
If a person buys a self-help book, he wants to learn more about the self.
If a person picked a nice place to live, he will feel satisfied.
If a person always looks on the bright side, he always has a smile on his face as a result.
If a person buys new gadgets, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets back into school, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others go canoeing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person discovered a crime, he wants to find the criminal.
A person takes an architectural tour in order to learn more about architecture.
If a person consumes large quantities of drink, he will feel inebriated.
If a person leads the class, he will feel confident.
A person communicates with his fans in order to be in touch with his fans.
If a person receives a massage, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person walks to the drugstore in order to buy medicine.
If a person is honored by others, he will feel proud.
A person says no to another drink in order to be sober.
If a person learns to speak eloquently, he wants to speak well.
If a person begins to write, he will feel inspired.
If a person is in trouble again, he will feel worried.
A person teaches others about his art in order to show PersonY his talent.
If a person can go on a date, he will feel happy.
If a person worries about job security, he will feel tense.
If a person starts to doubt himself, he will feel upset.
If a person hits the target, he is seen as a good shot.
If a person is puzzled by what he reads, he wants to understand what he reads.
If a person puts his house in order, he is pleased with his home as a result.
If a person accepts the job, he will feel satisfied.
A person serves himself in order to be self sufficient.
If a person checks out others’s books, he reads the books as a result.
A person tries to do what’s right in order to be a good person.
If a person doesn’t like others's habit, he wants to break PersonY's habit.
If a person likes reading a book, he will feel content.
If a person meets the right person, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns about behaviorism, he wants to know more about behaviorism.
If a person reaches a new level of understanding, he will feel satisfied.
If a person listens to others’s problems, he learns about PersonY’s problems as a result.
If a person repents and changes his ways, he wants to do good.
A person learns to play tennis in order to be a better tennis player.
If a person has doubts about some news, he will feel worried.
If a person gets some new friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes his own way, he will feel free.
If a person prepares to get out, he will feel confident.
If a person hears a rumor, he wants to see if it's true.
A person plays with others’s baby in order to spend time with PersonY’s baby.
If a person gets a big break, he will feel happy.
If a person ponders about others's feelings, he will feel concerned.
If a person sees something suspicious, he wants to report it.
A person drives many miles in order to get to a destination.
If a person provides a detailed report, he is seen as competent.
If a person has difficulty making up her mind, he will feel confused.
A person had to keep looking back in order to be able to see what is behind him.
If a person thinks of his past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person brings up a good point, he will feel happy.
A person looks for a mate in order to have a family.
If a person studies for tomorrow's exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person asks a number of questions, he wants to get answers.
If a person tries really hard, he wants to be good at something.
If a person focuses on her loyalties, he wants to be loyal to her friends.
If a person dances on the dance floor, he will feel happy.
A person keeps moving forward in order to make progress.
If a person worries about school, he wants to get good grades.
If a person’s popularity increases, he will feel important.
If a person begins to get ahead, he gets promoted as a result.
A person persuades others to stay in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person regrets not helping others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person is having a conflict, he wants to resolve the conflict.
If a person gets a day job, he will feel busy.
If a person dresses very nice today, he will feel pleased.
A person makes the effort in order to do his best.
If a person gets more training, he wants to get better.
A person sees a psychologist in order to improve his mental health.
A person accepts an invitation to help in order to help others.
If a person determines to have fun, he will feel joyful.
If a person invests in the future, he will feel optimistic.
If a person goes online to chat, he wants to talk to his friends.
A person is on the job in order to be productive.
A person is out for a walk in order to get some fresh air.
A person looks online again in order to see what else is out there.
If a person finally does it, he will feel accomplished.
A person has a chance to talk to others in order to tell PersonY something.
A person gets up and goes to work in order to earn money.
If a person learns life's lesson, he doesn't make the same mistake twice as a result.
If a person starts a new project, he makes progress as a result.
If a person begins to get ahead, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts thinking about a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person and others share a hug, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is fond of a place, he visits the place as a result.
If a person falls down a hill, he is hurt as a result.
If a person has a mission, he will feel dedicated.
If a person lives up to his ideals, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes up sewing, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others make an apology to PersonZ, he wants to make amends.
If a person finds a book to learn from, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person employs people, he will feel productive.
If a person succeeds in solving problems, he will feel happy.
If a person considers his reasons, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person is much better now, he will feel happy.
If a person breathes more easily, he will feel relaxed.
A person sends others a notification in order to inform PersonY about something.
If a person sees the error of his ways, he repents as a result.
If a person prepares a plan, he will feel organized.
If a person has been to the gym, he is in good shape as a result.
A person tells others to look at the camera in order to show PersonY something.
If a person has lived here for years, he will feel home.
If a person dances a little jig, he will feel happy.
If a person signs up for therapy, he gets better as a result.
A person makes promises to others in order to be good to PersonY.
If a person has others's best interest in mind, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person has her priorities straight, he will feel pleased.
A person serves others with papers in order to help PersonY.
If a person approves the amendment, he will feel satisfied.
A person looks up things online in order to learn more about a subject.
A person embarks on a new journey in order to see new places.
A person comes back to the office in order to get back to work.
If a person gathers intel, he learns the truth as a result.
If a person attends church services, he feels a sense of peace as a result.
If a person eats the soup, he will feel full.
A person promises to cook in order to cook for the family.
A person travels back to school in order to finish her education.
If a person starts to take a stand, he will feel empowered.
If a person becomes aware of others's point of view, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person is exercising, he will feel relaxed.
A person reads books about Proust in order to understand Proust.
If a person speaks of a wonderful time he had, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person talks with the neighbours in order to keep in touch with the neighbours.
If a person thanks others for helping her, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks the evidence, he will feel determined.
A person goes out to get information in order to know more about the case.
A person drinks two liters of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person works as a writer, he will feel productive.
If a person becomes an upstanding member of society, he will feel confident.
If a person can’t deal with it, he will feel frustrated.
If a person had a fantastic time with others, he will feel content.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts having sex, he will feel excited.
If a person is unshaved, he looks scruffy as a result.
If a person adjusts to a new medication, he will feel better.
If a person watches TV with friends, he will feel entertained.
If a person explores the market, he will feel interested.
If a person performs to the crowd, he is seen as talented.
If a person has a good time in New York, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a couple of drinks, he will feel merry.
A person promises a raise to others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person practices riding in order to improve her riding skills.
If a person questions the statement, he wants to be sure.
If a person takes good care of her body, he has a healthy body as a result.
If a person stops for a rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is cut with a knife, he is bleeding as a result.
If a person wonders how many supplies they'll need, he wants to have enough supplies.
If a person buys a new bed, he is happy with his new bed as a result.
If a person makes an effort to help others, he wants to be a better person.
If a person tackles the problem, he will feel motivated.
If a person begins to question, he will feel puzzled.
A person stops to listen in order to hear what the other person has to say.
If a person makes good on his promise, he will feel happy.
A person tells the other guy to go for it in order the other guy to be successful.
If a person has a better life, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies the effects of the unknown, he is prepared for the unknown as a result.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he wants to eat there.
If a person comes from a long line of the learned, he will feel wise.
If a person visits an archive, he learns about the past as a result.
If a person continues the investigation, he will feel determined.
A person signs up for a course in order to learn something new.
A person asks her mother a question in order to know the answer.
A person buys the school newspaper in order to help the school.
A person takes the baby for a walk in order to be with the baby.
A person trains the troops in order to make the team better.
A person pursues others's request in order to please PersonY.
If a person studies a lesson, he will feel focused.
If a person rereads Jane Eyre, he will feel moved.
If a person begins to argue with others, he will feel angry.
If a person learns to do something quickly, he gets better at that skill as a result.
If a person can do anything he wants, he will feel free.
If a person feels a sense of duty, he wants to feel useful.
If a person looks through others’s desk, he will feel curious.
If a person's work is praised by others, he will feel appreciated.
A person is ready to begin school in order to be a better student.
A person arranges the dishes on the shelf in order to make the dishes look nice.
If a person is dissatisfied with the result, he gets angry as a result.
If a person realizes his promise, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person worries about others’s diet, he wants to make PersonY eat healthier.
If a person comes across an advertisement, he wants to see the ad.
A person visits the site of the event in order to be in the place where the event happened.
If a person performs a task, he will feel happy.
If a person researches others’s issues, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person shows interest in you, he wants to talk to you.
If a person finds a mate, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person reads a document, he will feel interested.
A person appoints others to a post in order to make PersonY a leader.
If a person drinks a beverage of some kind, he will feel content.
If a person has a general discussion, he wants to talk about the conversation.
If a person seems to be serious, he is committed to his work as a result.
If a person ends up with a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person tells the story of his life, he is seen as an interesting person.
A person visits a chat room in order to communicate with people.
A person invites others out to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person starts to suffer, he wants to stop suffering.
If a person constructs a theory, he will feel smart.
If a person does a good job of talking, he will feel satisfied.
If a person keeps getting 's way, he will feel satisfied.
A person gives the kid a bath in order to be nice to the kid.
A person tells others about the time in order to share a memory with PersonY.
If a person gains money, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to be fair, he is seen as fair as a result.
If a person gets somewhere, he is pleased as a result.
If a person expresses doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person attends a reunion, he meets his old friends as a result.
A person and others go to the restaurant in order to eat with PersonY.
If a person gets involved in the investigation, he wants to solve the case.
If a person went out for a walk, he had a nice walk as a result.
If a person has a bitter argument with others, he will feel angry.
If a person listens to others's opinion, he learns to respect PersonY's opinion as a result.
If a person helps to clean up, he will feel productive.
If a person and others come to blows, he will feel angry.
If a person’s face wears a smile, he will feel pleased.
If a person tells about his experience, he wants to tell others.
If a person arranges something, he will feel happy.
If a person is puzzled by what he reads, he wants to figure out what he reads.
If a person has gone a long time without sleep, he will feel exhausted.
A person intends to come on a trip in order to see the world.
A person read others’s article in order to understand PersonY.
If a person makes many phone calls, he will feel busy.
A person plays the sport of chess in order to improve his chess skills.
If a person hears good news, he will feel excited.
If a person imagines how to solve the puzzle, he will feel focused.
A person works in peace in order to avoid conflict.
If a person is involved in a financial crisis, he will feel upset.
If a person asks about the fellowship, he wants to know more about the program.
If a person discusses some things, he is seen as knowledgeable.
A person talks to his lawyer in order to get legal advice.
A person paints a room in their home in order to make their home more beautiful.
A person leaves town for good in order to be free.
If a person still enjoys the situation, he wants to continue.
If a person cannot bear the news, he cries as a result.
If a person serves as an example, he will feel respected.
A person investigates something in order to know the truth.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks a bit, he will feel curious.
A person begins to see a therapist in order to be better.
If a person goes for a ride with others, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
A person offers it as a gift in order to make someone happy.
If a person complains about the bad publicity, he wants to keep the bad publicity to a minimum.
If a person works on the case, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person misses her old home, he wants to return to her old home.
If a person is nauseous, he wants to throw up.
If a person read a book, he learned something as a result.
If a person begins to thrive, he will feel happy.
If a person tries hard to meet others's standards, he wants to do better.
If a person listens to some music, he enjoys the music as a result.
A person goes to church regularly in order to be spiritual.
If a person writes a good comment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes a good impression, he will feel confident.
A person is willing to work in order to be a productive member of society.
If a person starts to paint, he enjoys painting as a result.
If a person worries that they are being followed, he wants to know who is following them.
A person goes to a market in order to buy something.
If a person sets out on a long trip, he is gone for a long time as a result.
If a person learns about psychology, he will feel enlightened.
If a person finishes dinner, he will feel full.
If a person gets extra glasses, he can see better as a result.
A person reads the textbook in order to learn.
A person cleans his room in order to be tidy.
If a person regrets doing it, he wants to stop doing it.
If a person signs up for a course, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to the dermatologist, he gets a skin-care regimen as a result.
A person practices her ballet in order to be a better dancer.
A person practices to play the guitar in order to be a better musician.
If a person investigates further, he will feel motivated.
If a person assures others that it will be alright, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person discovers an error, he corrects the error as a result.
If a person considers others a good friend, he wants to help PersonY.
A person is watering plants in order to keep the plants alive.
If a person asks for my advice, he is given advice as a result.
A person is a good gardener in order to make the garden beautiful.
If a person and others discuss the trip, he and PersonY decide to go as a result.
If a person complains about a leaky roof, he wants to fix the leak.
A person makes a telephone call in order to be able to call people.
If a person continues to work hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person wants to be a gardener, he wants to study to be a gardener.
If a person can’t take it any more, he wants to leave.
If a person gains certification, he will feel accomplished.
If a person stops lying to himself, he wants to be honest.
If a person helps others with her work, he will feel useful.
If a person welcomes others’s jokes, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns manners, he wants to be polite.
If a person feels bad about calling others's boss, he wants to apologize.
If a person becomes fully equipped, he will feel complete.
If a person has had a good week, he will feel happy.
If a person trains 4 times a day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person walks to the theater, he sees a play as a result.
If a person thinks about studying Spanish, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he will feel alarmed.
If a person is much appreciated, he is liked by his colleagues as a result.
A person sits down with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person comes to terms with others, he will feel calm.
If a person killed the intruder, he will feel victorious.
If a person experiences health problems, he is treated as a result.
A person read an article about others in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person got it done, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person practices new moves, he wants to perform.
If a person speaks with others about it all, he wants to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person has to think it over, he is uncertain as a result.
If a person makes a lot of money, he will feel successful.
If a person takes care of the details, he will feel competent.
If a person starts to know, he wants to know more.
If a person brings up a grievance, he wants to be heard.
If a person gets shot in the leg, he will feel in pain.
A person goes down to the cellar in order to find out what is down there.
If a person is careless with valuable items, he loses valuable items as a result.
If a person likes to hang out, he gets to know his friends as a result.
If a person gets someone's help, he is able to learn as a result.
If a person is given counseling, he will feel helped.
A person reads everything in order to know everything.
A person trains the troops in order to improve the team.
If a person shows that she is someone to be reckoned with, he is respected by her peers as a result.
If a person enjoys a delicious dinner, he is full as a result.
A person told others to attend class in order PersonY to get an education.
If a person decides to dance, he will feel good.
If a person decides to take a day off, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is encouraged by others, he will feel inspired.
A person seeks spiritual advice in order to find inner peace.
If a person heads to the lake, he enjoys the lake as a result.
If a person is an active member, he will feel motivated.
If a person is well qualified, he will feel confident.
If a person is his own boss, he will feel free.
A person works hard to find an alternative in order to be self sufficient.
If a person goes to bed early, he will feel rested.
If a person plans an adventure, he has fun as a result.
If a person takes a bubble bath, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person goes on a long vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person convinces others to visit Canada, he will feel pleased.
A person stops to watch the sunset in order to appreciate nature.
If a person tries to listen to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person sees a really good concert, he is impressed by the band as a result.
If a person performs a task, he will feel motivated.
A person visits her brother’s grave in order to remember her brother.
A person pays money to others in order to support PersonY.
If a person is inspired by an idea, he wants to pursue the idea.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he wants to eat the food.
If a person is motivated, he works harder as a result.
If a person looks for a different job, he finds a new job as a result.
A person has bought a house in order to be a homeowner.
If a person gets used to a new program, he will feel happy.
If a person is not sure how to help others, he will feel confused.
If a person follows a strategy, he will feel motivated.
If a person does a very good job, he will feel proud.
If a person celebrates with the help of others, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person prepares for a 10K race, he wants to be in shape.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he gains inner peace as a result.
A person was in the shower in order to be clean.
If a person tries to move forward, he will feel hopeful.
A person asks a penetrating question in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person decides to buy a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person is hailed as a hero, he will feel honored.
If a person goes to the bar every night, he becomes a heavy drinker as a result.
If a person wants to be an inventor, he wants to invent a new invention.
If a person goes on a playdate, he learns to play with other children as a result.
If a person thanks others for her help, he will feel happy.
If a person explains it, he will feel understood.
If a person regrets her past mistakes, he wants to make better choices.
If a person starts to meditate, he feels calmer as a result.
If a person sees something strange, he wants to know what it is.
If a person prepares to run for president, he wants to win.
If a person makes some friends, he will feel happy.
A person checks up on a relative in order to make sure that the relative is okay.
If a person organizes a press conference, he gets the media’s attention as a result.
If a person relaxes in the park, he is happy as a result.
If a person enters others's mind, he sees PersonY's memories as a result.
If a person goes over to others's house, he wants to hang out with PersonY.
If a person gets a bad result on an exam, he is upset as a result.
A person practices his golf swing in order to improve his golf game.
If a person received a promise, he feels happy as a result.
If a person finds a way to solve a problem, he will feel competent.
If a person looks at the document, he will feel curious.
If a person gets prepared for it, he will feel determined.
If a person prays at church, he will feel connected.
If a person sprays water from a can, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is a self-made man, he will feel powerful.
If a person looks for alternatives, he wants to try new things.
If a person and others go to the library, he wants to study and PersonY wants to read.
A person spent the night at a friend's house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person is ashamed of others’s manner, he wants to change PersonY’s behavior.
If a person seems to have been drinking, he will feel tipsy.
If a person determines to have fun, he will feel happy.
A person serves in the military in order to serve his country.
If a person learns lots of things, he will feel informed.
If a person has a close relationship with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person searches the streets in order to find something.
If a person is accepted into a top school, he will feel pleased.
If a person is given a reward, he is happy as a result.
A person plans to go the beach in order to be in the sun.
If a person discovers a new training technique, he wants to use the technique.
A person demonstrates her artwork in order to show her work to the world.
If a person throws the perfect party, he will feel happy.
A person reads an article in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person decides to investigate, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person's attempt succeeds, he is pleased as a result.
A person is going to see someone about an injury in order to get treatment.
If a person solves her problem, he will feel confident.
If a person had a happy childhood, he will feel content.
A person goes to school on Saturday in order to get an education.
A person organizes her schedule in order to be efficient.
If a person gets new ideas, he wants to explore.
If a person takes part in an activity, he will feel motivated.
If a person practices arts and crafts, he gets better at art as a result.
A person invites friends to a movie in order to spend time with friends.
A person signs up for a study in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person and others enjoys listening to music, he will feel happy.
If a person persuades others to marry him, he will feel confident.
If a person stays on track, he will feel motivated.
A person passes the word on in order to help others.
If a person is a dedicated student, he will feel inspired.
If a person attends a show, he has a good time as a result.
If a person and others purchase a new car, he will feel happy.
A person was working on her thesis in order to finish her thesis.
If a person reconsiders its motivations, he wants to change its actions.
If a person comes to others’s door, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person works on a homework assignment, he will feel productive.
A person attempts to adjust the vase in order to make the vase look good.
If a person serves others's orders, he is seen as reliable.
If a person sews a beautiful dress, he will feel accomplished.
A person tells others to have faith in order PersonY to believe in himself.
A person consoles others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person chooses to fight, he will feel determined.
A person continues his work in order to be productive.
If a person gives it his all, he will feel determined.
If a person tries others's steak, he likes PersonY's steak as a result.
If a person travels back to family, he is happy to see his family as a result.
If a person finishes the task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is beaten by others, he will feel hurt.
A person starts to write a letter in order to express her feelings.
A person fights without hitting others in order to avoid hurting PersonY.
If a person finds something of value, he will feel happy.
If a person does not like loud music, he wants to listen to quiet music.
If a person contacts her friends, he wants to stay in touch with her friends.
If a person deserved to hear, he will feel satisfied.
If a person devises a schedule, he will feel in control.
If a person buys into the company, he will feel pleased.
If a person is easily angered, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person tracks others's emotions, he understands PersonY's feelings as a result.
If a person is feeling much better today, he is happy as a result.
If a person joins a support group, he will feel secure.
If a person accepts the award, he will feel honored.
A person cleans up someplace in order to be tidy.
If a person takes his time, he will feel patient.
If a person is liked by his friends, he will feel respected.
A person participates in a community service project in order to be helpful.
If a person reads a textbook on Chinese history, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person feels increasingly unhappy, he wants to feel better.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he will feel sad.
A person visits someone who's returned in order to support someone who's returned.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person keeps his head up, he wants to stay positive.
If a person learned all the time, he will feel smart.
If a person is unhappy with spouse, he wants to get a divorce.
If a person realises a long-held dream, he wants to pursue his dream.
If a person reads the mystery novel, he will feel interested.
A person stops to see others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person opens a page, he will feel curious.
If a person gets a full-time job, he is happy as a result.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he is pleased as a result.
If a person considers making a joke, he wants to make a good joke.
A person asks others to explain it again in order to understand the situation.
If a person suffers a puncture wound, he will feel in pain.
If a person explores alternatives, he will feel motivated.
If a person pours a glass of water, he will feel refreshed.
A person tries really hard in order to be successful.
If a person calls about a package, he wants to find out what's in the package.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he will feel peaceful.
A person tries to break up the fight in order to be the peacemaker.
If a person is a perfect parent, he is proud of his children as a result.
If a person succeeds in law school, he will feel pleased.
A person has been trying for days in order to finish the task.
A person urges others to talk in order PersonY to be honest.
If a person knows something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person worries about her children, he wants to take care of her children.
If a person made a fatal mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person kisses others passionately, he will feel satisfied.
A person respects others’s preferences in order to be respectful.
If a person tells himself to move on, he is able to move on as a result.
If a person is diagnosed, he is prescribed medication as a result.
If a person tells personY about her expectations, he wants to know what others expect of her.
If a person buys the perfect birthday gift, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
If a person counts his blessings, he will feel content.
If a person has gone out, he is drunk as a result.
If a person gets used to his situation, he becomes happy as a result.
If a person discovers that the glue is not working, he wants to fix the glue.
If a person rests in his chair, he will feel content.
If a person dislikes the plan, he wants to change the plan.
A person develops the product in order to create a new product.
If a person goes for a drink in a pub, he will feel relaxed.
A person thinks hard about things in order to be able to think clearly.
A person has left home in order to live on his own.
If a person handles tasks deftly, he will feel confident.
A person practices self-help methods in order to improve her self-esteem.
If a person seeks ways to fix problem, he will feel determined.
A person goes to the local gym in order to be healthy.
A person finds himself a job in order to support himself.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person agrees to go to the ballet, he is excited about the ballet as a result.
If a person makes progress on the project, he will feel motivated.
If a person builds a nest for himself, he will feel independent.
A person takes the cat for a walk in order to spend time with the cat.
If a person is not doing well, he will feel worried.
If a person converses with a person, he will feel interested.
A person gives others a chance in order to help PersonY.
If a person hits the clubs, he has a good time as a result.
If a person has a loving family, he will feel loved.
If a person cares for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person reads the reviews, he wants to know what the reviewers think.
If a person finds what is desired, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person looks all around the room, he wants to see the whole room.
If a person gets others to do things, he will feel pleased.
A person trains in the park in order to get fit.
If a person studies for the next exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person is on the track, he will feel focused.
If a person hits the clubs, he will feel excited.
If a person has a horrible nightmare, he will feel terrified.
A person tries to talk him out of it in order to help him.
If a person drinks too much wine, he will feel inebriated.
If a person studies hard for his exam, he will feel determined.
If a person fears death, he wants to be safe.
If a person works very hard, he wants to be the best.
If a person tends to his own needs, he will feel independent.
If a person assumes new identity, he is able to live a new life as a result.
If a person notes that the weather is nice, he will feel relaxed.
A person takes a bicycle ride in order to get some exercise.
If a person makes an effort to be more quiet, he will feel motivated.
A person gets on the move in order to get ahead.
If a person comes up with a new plan, he wants to see the plan through.
If a person is appalled by others's betrayal, he loses his trust in PersonY as a result.
If a person meditates every day, he wants to be more spiritual.
A person is at a piano lesson in order to learn how to play the piano.
A person makes contact with others's parents in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person puts on his make-up, he will feel glamorous.
If a person eats it right away, he will feel full.
If a person is doing sports, he is getting fit as a result.
If a person learns in business school, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person gives her wife a gift in order to make her wife happy.
If a person opens up his mind, he wants to learn more.
If a person is well-trained, he is very skilled as a result.
If a person makes a stupid decision, he will feel regretful.
If a person visits his old neighborhood, he has a nostalgic feeling as a result.
A person goes to church every Sunday in order to be religious.
If a person happens to be listening, he hears the conversation as a result.
A person invites others into his world in order to share his world with PersonY.
If a person makes a great discovery, he will feel excited.
A person secretly invites others to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person carries out the program, he is seen as diligent.
If a person discusses the world, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person gets the truth out, he will feel satisfied.
A person enrolls in a school in order to be a good student.
A person is at home with the children in order to spend time with the children.
If a person trains long hours, he is fit as a result.
A person helps others through the winter in order to help PersonY.
If a person drinks a little alcohol, he will feel a little drunk.
If a person consults a chiropractor, he will feel relaxed.
If a person catches the real culprit, he will feel victorious.
If a person has a huge bed, he sleeps well as a result.
A person buys a sword in order to protect himself.
If a person puts the past behind him, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has a way with his words, he will feel clever.
If a person notices something is not right, he will feel concerned.
If a person eventually succeeds, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a dose of medication, he will feel tranquil.
If a person improves skills at chess, he will feel confident.
If a person gives an informative talk, he will feel competent.
If a person adds elements to a situation, he will feel creative.
If a person and others is cuddling, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is in a quandary, he wants to know what to do.
If a person lives a perfect life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a solemn promise, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person rides a bike with others, he gets exercise as a result.
A person tries to call others back in order to see PersonY again.
A person cooks breakfast in order to make breakfast for his family.
If a person is among the strongest, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a big bite, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to find information in order to learn more about the mystery.
If a person invites others for a coffee, he is pleased by PersonY’s presence as a result.
If a person thinks about the changes, he will feel curious.
A person and others goes to therapy in order to get better and PersonY wants to get help.
A person teaches others how to play in order to help PersonY.
If a person tests it, he will feel curious.
If a person packs to go on vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person complains about inefficiency, he wants to be efficient.
If a person lost his temper, he wants to calm down.
If a person cannot bear it any longer, he wants to scream.
If a person tries to make sense of the question, he wants to get the question right.
If a person complains to the receptionist, he will feel frustrated.
If a person learns from it, he wants to learn from it.
If a person is committed to her husband, he wants to be a good wife.
If a person is a professional, he is successful as a result.
If a person buys the new car, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to do something, he will feel accomplished.
A person visits market in order to see what is available.
If a person questions what to do, he wants to ask someone for advice.
If a person eats some food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person cannot handle this, he will feel frustrated.
If a person helps someone in trouble, he will feel good.
If a person plans to do the laundry, he gets his clothes clean as a result.
If a person does something for someone else, he will feel helpful.
A person starts to walk in order to get exercise.
A person practices fencing in order to be a good fencer.
If a person goes home and rests, he will feel refreshed.
If a person starts to doubt himself, he will feel discouraged.
If a person gets trained by a master, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person takes up the hobby of mushroom hunting, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person bathes himself, he will feel clean.
If a person gets through the worst of it, he recovers as a result.
If a person is ready to challenge others, he wants to beat PersonY.
If a person takes in every detail, he remembers the details as a result.
A person reaches for the phone in order to talk to someone.
A person cleans up the area in order to improve the environment.
A person gets in the driver's seat in order to be in control.
A person teaches others to clean up after oneself in order PersonY to be responsible.
A person takes good care of his pet in order to be a good pet owner.
If a person is prepared for an important exam, he will feel confident.
If a person plays a car race game, he will feel entertained.
If a person notices that others is in pain, he wants to help PersonY.
A person works hard to prove a point in order to be seen as a leader.
If a person takes a swim, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person continues with the project in order to finish the project.
A person stayed with others for the whole day in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he enjoys the meal as a result.
If a person works on the project with others, he will feel productive.
If a person tries to keep the house clean, he will feel responsible.
If a person jogs for exercise, he will feel happy.
If a person paints on a canvas, he will feel creative.
If a person will make things happen, he will feel confident.
If a person suffers from a bad cold, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person trains all day in order to be in shape.
If a person practices French with others, he wants to speak French.
If a person drinks excessively, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person has a productive day, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels misunderstood, he wants to feel understood.
If a person reaches an understanding, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person manages, he will feel in control.
If a person tries to correct some mistakes, he wants to be perfect.
If a person and others want to talk about the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person gives others a free hand in order to give PersonY a chance.
If a person has committed a mistake, he wants to apologize.
A person takes great care in order to make sure he is healthy.
If a person completes the recipe, he will feel accomplished.
If a person talks to others about their own feelings, he learns to express her feelings as a result.
If a person has many phone calls, he will feel busy.
If a person and others share a private joke, he and PersonY are amused as a result.
If a person sees a hand-lettered sign, he wants to read the sign.
A person makes public announcements in order to share his ideas.
If a person trains at the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries new food, he will feel interested.
If a person learns more about life, he will feel enlightened.
If a person ponders the ramifications, he wants to make a decision.
If a person notices that it is cold, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person smells a bad smell, he will feel disgusted.
A person is playing with the kids in order to spend time with the kids.
If a person wins a prize at the state fair, he will feel pleased.
If a person plans a movie night, he will feel entertained.
If a person trys to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person continues to grow, he becomes taller as a result.
If a person gets rid of a secret, he will feel relieved.
A person orders soup in order to be well nourished.
If a person begins to understand herself, he begins to feel comfortable with herself as a result.
If a person thinks for herself, he wants to be independent.
If a person finds out a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person read a book, he will feel refreshed.
If a person visits his old neighbourhood, he remembers his childhood as a result.
If a person travels around America, he learns about America as a result.
A person plans to go away for a long time in order to be alone.
A person watches the news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person looks back to the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person does it once and for all, he will feel satisfied.
If a person manages to get good grades, he will feel happy.
If a person does something important with others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person finally gets what he or she wants, he is happy as a result.
A person talks on the phone with others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person tries to understand the world, he learns to think as a result.
If a person gets married again, he is happy as a result.
If a person has noticed something, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person gets a wash and set, he will feel refreshed.
If a person prefers to read alone, he will feel relaxed.
A person went to the seaside in order to relax.
If a person checks on what's happening, he is informed of the event as a result.
If a person takes up the challenge, he will feel motivated.
If a person has her car tuned up, he has a smooth ride as a result.
If a person gets a positive result, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes up with a good plan, he will feel confident.
If a person is dressed and made up, he looks beautiful as a result.
If a person inquires, he wants to learn more.
If a person starts to suffer, he will feel helpless.
If a person likes walking in the park, he will feel content.
If a person prepares a long-term plan, he will feel motivated.
If a person knows he's good, he will feel confident.
If a person is ranting, he will feel frustrated.
If a person and others practice dance moves, he and PersonY get ready for the dance as a result.
If a person reaches a target, he is pleased as a result.
If a person is indignant, he wants to get even.
If a person watches movies with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person goes on a night out, he will feel fun.
If a person has his own ideas, he will feel independent.
If a person tries to stay calm, he is calmer as a result.
If a person finds out the right way, he will feel pleased.
If a person performs a deed, he will feel successful.
A person avoids the sword thrust in order to avoid pain.
If a person dresses really nicely, he will feel elegant.
If a person always has the upper hand, he is confident as a result.
If a person sets off to travel the world, he will feel eager.
If a person went to school, he will feel motivated.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to fix it.
If a person is confused by others, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person practices his lines in the mirror, he learns to act as a result.
If a person makes a trip to the store, he gets groceries as a result.
If a person enjoys a lavish lifestyle, he is happy as a result.
If a person reads a guidebook, he will feel interested.
A person makes the dinner plans in order to be with his family.
If a person stays home to take care of the children, he has more time to spend with the children as a result.
If a person suffers a foot injury, he is in pain as a result.
If a person works well, he will feel competent.
If a person re-reads the manual, he wants to use the manual.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he will feel competent.
If a person questions your sincerity, he wants to be sure you're telling the truth.
If a person questions others's justification, he wants to know the truth.
A person reads, reads, reads in order to be well read.
If a person and others reconnect, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person and his dad talk in order to be able to communicate with his father.
If a person is a good influence on others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person gets a big contract, he is pleased as a result.
If a person follows the rules, he will feel obedient.
A person has been working hard in order to get ahead.
If a person reads a piece of literature, he will feel moved.
If a person decides to take a day off, he is rested as a result.
If a person asks others for the details, he will feel interested.
If a person beats others at badminton, he will feel good.
If a person knows how to enjoy, he will feel happy.
If a person hurts his shoulder, he is in pain as a result.
If a person goes to a resort, he will feel refreshed.
If a person starts dancing, he will feel energized.
If a person has her priorities straight, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets distracted by an idea, he loses his concentration as a result.
If a person keeps going, he will feel determined.
If a person goes to his family doctor, he will feel concerned.
A person has a long conversation with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person acquires a new pet, he wants to care for the pet.
If a person enforces the law, he will feel right.
If a person wins others’s respect, he wants to be liked by PersonY.
If a person acquires a reputation, he will feel respected.
If a person makes a beautiful painting, he will feel proud.
A person helps others with household chores in order to be helpful.
If a person reports a malfunction, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person finds success, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to get others's number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person organizes things, he is neat as a result.
A person polishes the toy in order to make the toy better.
If a person thinks on his feet, he will feel clever.
If a person signs up for school, he will feel eager.
If a person finds a way to make it work, he is seen as resourceful.
If a person overhears noises, he wants to investigate.
If a person finds others very pleasing, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person gets something off her chest, he will feel free.
If a person does something wonderful, he will feel proud.
If a person begins to learn English, he is able to communicate as a result.
A person shovels snow from the driveway in order to get the driveway cleared.
A person and others travel abroad in order to travel and PersonY wants to see the world.
If a person finally gets the job he wanted, he will feel excited.
A person starts up a conversation in order to be sociable.
A person continues to work out in order to be in shape.
A person talks to him about it in order to discuss the idea with him.
A person is studying the effect of divorce on the children in order to understand the children's situation.
If a person had a great date with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks for the truth, he learns the truth as a result.
If a person is frustrated by the Internet, he wants to get off the Internet.
If a person calls others up on the phone, he and PersonY talk for a while as a result.
A person talks through his problems in order to communicate with others.
A person is successful in a negotiation in order to get what he wants.
If a person is having a great time, he will feel joyful.
A person takes others's daughter to the movies in order to spend time with PersonY's daughter.
If a person and others are falling in love, he will feel joyful.
A person tries to make contact with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person believes in the story, he wants to tell the story.
If a person constructs a theory, he will feel intelligent.
If a person read several books, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person takes care of self in order to feel good about herself.
If a person makes a career move, he wants to be a success.
If a person has an unpleasant surprise, he is upset as a result.
If a person gets help from personY, he will feel comforted.
If a person plans on winning an award, he will feel confident.
If a person starts the week in a good mood, he will feel content.
If a person has a full and prosperous life, he will feel happy.
If a person visits a psychotherapist, he is helped by the therapist as a result.
If a person gets wounded, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person learns the virtue of tolerance, he wants to be tolerant.
If a person plots a successful strategy, he will feel in control.
A person gets up to speak in order to be heard.
If a person and others sing a hymn together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person cares deeply about others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person is a self-proclaimed expert, he will feel superior.
A person puts his hand on others's cheek in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person puts the past behind him, he will feel relieved.
If a person cares about the environment, he wants to do something about it.
If a person becomes really successful, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys her favorite music, he will feel happy.
If a person has something good happen, he will feel relieved.
If a person is confused by something, he wants to figure out what it is.
If a person regrets its actions, he wants to fix its mistakes.
A person attempts to console others in order to be helpful.
If a person is different from you, he has a different point of view as a result.
If a person takes up exercise, he will feel motivated.
A person volunteers at a local food bank in order to help others.
If a person obtains help from others, he gets better as a result.
A person tries to get work done in order to be successful.
If a person gets his life back on track, he feels happy as a result.
If a person prepares a wonderful dish, he will feel proud.
A person doesn’t change his decision in order to stick to his plan.
A person watches his thoughts in order to understand his mind.
If a person reads over the letter, he wants to know what it says.
A person studies the Bible in order to learn more about God.
If a person laughs and talks to others, he will feel happy.
If a person wins writing contest, he will feel happy.
If a person visits a circus, he has fun as a result.
A person tries to catch up with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has completed others's assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person does the exercise, he gets fit as a result.
If a person is influenced by her family, he wants to do what her family wants.
If a person's purpose fulfilled, he is content as a result.
If a person makes an excellent impression, he will feel good.
If a person gets bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person finishes all homework on time, he will feel successful.
If a person gets rid of the curse, he will feel relieved.
If a person learns how to take care of a pet, he will feel competent.
If a person starts dating someone, he will feel happy.
If a person pays off debt, he will feel relieved.
If a person puts on the new dress, he will feel happy.
A person and others write messages in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person takes the children on a trip in order to give the children a break.
If a person tries to understand the world, he learns about the world as a result.
If a person spends time in prayer, he is comforted by God as a result.
If a person drinks a pint of beer, he will feel intoxicated.
A person resigns from her job in order to be independent.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he will feel content.
If a person has lost her bearings, he wants to get her bearings back.
If a person dances freely, he will feel excited.
If a person continues the search, he wants to find out what happened.
A person tests it in order to know if it works.
If a person and others loses a child, he and PersonY grieve as a result.
If a person has been taken seriously, he will feel validated.
A person went to the hospital in order to be well.
If a person listens to others’s opinion, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person has fun at home, he will feel relaxed.
A person pulls others by the hand in order to be with PersonY.
If a person finds what she is looking for, he will feel content.
If a person serves his boss, he will feel helpful.
If a person overhears others's argument, he knows PersonY is angry as a result.
A person works out in a gym in order to be healthy.
A person tries to resolve the issue in order to make peace.
If a person tries to defend their point of view, he wants to convince others.
If a person admits wrongdoing, he will feel remorseful.
A person practices a new skill in order to be good at something.
If a person has a feeling, he wants to find out what the feeling is.
If a person settles the matter, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a different job, he will feel pleased.
If a person chooses wisely, he will feel confident.
A person tries to explain the Trinity in order to make sure that the Trinity is understood.
If a person goes for shopping, he buys some clothes as a result.
If a person investigates what might be wrong, he diagnoses the problem as a result.
If a person discovers a talent, he wants to pursue it.
If a person devours a platter of meat, he will feel full.
If a person wins the bid, he will feel triumphant.
If a person finds something of value, he is happy as a result.
A person has to explain the problem in order to make sure that the situation is understood.
If a person is feeling much better today, he will feel happy.
If a person grows close to others, he wants to stay close to PersonY.
If a person has no idea how to start, he will feel lost.
If a person resents the attempt to force her hand, he wants to resist.
A person is learning how to read in order to be able to read.
If a person acquires a new skill, he wants to practice that skill.
If a person has achieved a lot, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person calls an attorney, he is given legal advice as a result.
If a person makes things right with others, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a special interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person thinks about moving away in order to start a new life.
A person teaches great truths to others in order to be a good teacher.
If a person enjoys a stroll, he will feel calm.
If a person has a successful business deal, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets a bite to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he will feel motivated.
If a person is doing a good job, he will feel confident.
If a person learns a martial art, he will feel competent.
If a person insists on walking, he will feel independent.
If a person is bothered by the children, he wants to help the children.
If a person heals himself, he will feel strong.
If a person celebrates a holiday with friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person learns to protect himself, he will feel safe.
If a person holds back an urge to speak, he does not say anything as a result.
If a person discusses the cause, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person enjoys a day at the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person exchanges greetings, he will feel friendly.
If a person carves out a niche, he will feel successful.
If a person is boiling with anger, he wants to explode.
If a person reads a funny book, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a romantic rendezvous, he wants to be with his girlfriend.
If a person continues to go for his degree, he will feel committed.
A person starts on the new project in order to be productive.
If a person regrets something he did, he wants to do something different.
If a person raises support, he will feel happy.
A person decided to investigate in order to solve the mystery.
If a person and others get into an argument, he is upset as a result.
If a person rests in the park, he will feel peaceful.
If a person travels all over the world, he learns about the world as a result.
If a person trains 2-5 times a day, he gets in shape as a result.
A person writes something for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person likes the new way things are going, he will feel relaxed.
If a person loves what others does, he wants to do what PersonY does as a result.
If a person takes back what he said, he wants to apologize.
A person rushes over to his colleague in order to be helpful.
If a person takes out a large loan, he will feel in debt.
A person asks again in order to get an answer.
A person cleans the kitchen in order to make the kitchen look nice.
If a person likes singing and has a good voice, he will feel joyful.
A person meets with others in private in order to be alone with PersonY.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he will feel thrilled.
If a person faces a tough decision, he will feel uncertain.
If a person worries about a loved one, he wants to be there for them.
If a person is an honourable man, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person attends church service, he will feel spiritually uplifted.
If a person is asked for help by others, he agrees to help PersonY as a result.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he will feel excited.
A person contemplates moving in order to start a new life.
A person consults a doctor in order to know what is wrong with him.
A person works on the case in order to solve the case.
A person takes personY on a date in order to spend time with personY.
If a person believes he has what it takes, he has the confidence to achieve his goals as a result.
If a person practices every day, he is seen as disciplined.
A person drives to the bookstore in order to buy a book.
A person goes through the garbage in order to see what is in the garbage.
A person visits a spiritual leader in order to be more spiritual.
A person drives to the bookstore in order to get a book.
A person is at the doctor's in order to have a checkup.
If a person is an expert in the field, he will feel confident.
A person talks to others’s children in order to get to know PersonY’s children.
A person plans to go out in order to have fun.
A person digs into personY's arguments in order to find out what personY is thinking.
If a person and others seek help, he and PersonY are helped as a result.
If a person leads an amazing life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is on the cover of a magazine, he will feel famous.
A person asked everyone in the audience in order to know what people think.
If a person suffers through something, he will feel depressed.
If a person gets rehired, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to take the job in order to earn money.
If a person likes to check the news, he is informed of current events as a result.
If a person buys a new truck, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to hear a story, he is told a story as a result.
If a person finds others's books in disarray, he wants to organize PersonY's books.
A person enlists the help of others in order to get something done.
If a person started a business, he makes money as a result.
If a person fears loss of freedom, he will feel anxious.
A person explains to others the problem in order to make PersonY understand the problem.
If a person finds what she is looking for, he will feel happy.
If a person plays with kid toys, he will feel entertained.
If a person considers others's advice, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person manages to get along with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is rewarded for building a church, he will feel happy.
If a person is able to explain it, he will feel competent.
If a person finds the perfect apartment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is unsatisfied with his actions, he will feel angry.
If a person begins to doubt herself, he will feel discouraged.
A person decides to investigate things in order to find out the truth.
If a person rescues others, he will feel selfless.
A person calls a hotline in order to get some help.
If a person does a great big dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person does a good job cooking, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to lie down, he will feel comfortable.
If a person buys several newspapers, he is informed of current events as a result.
If a person does something useful, he will feel good.
If a person sees a fine display, he is impressed as a result.
If a person becomes suspicious of others, he wants to investigate PersonY.
If a person practices sports, he gets better at sports as a result.
A person consults person Y in order to get advice from person Y.
If a person realizes the importance of X, he makes X a priority as a result.
If a person completes the job, he will feel satisfied.
A person doesn’t let the criminal go in order to keep the criminal in jail.
If a person worries about the public, he wants to help the public.
If a person ends a successful period, he will feel proud.
A person attends class in order to be a student.
A person plans for the next day in order to make sure that everything is ready for the next day.
If a person starts to get what he wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes on the hard task, he will feel motivated.
If a person is constantly concerned about others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person studies the bocce players, he gets to know the bocce players as a result.
If a person is appointed to a high post, he will feel confident.
If a person orders more books online, he will feel pleased.
If a person spends a weekend at the seashore, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a truck, he will feel satisfied.
If a person regrets leaving others, he wants to return to PersonY.
If a person gets in a fist fight, he will feel angry.
If a person gets into a conflict, he gets angry as a result.
If a person discovers a new passion, he wants to pursue that passion.
If a person plays with others's dogs, he will feel entertained.
If a person feels she is going to lose control, he wants to get a grip.
If a person is going on a shopping spree, he wants to buy new clothes.
If a person has gotten tired of waiting, he wants to move on.
If a person and others have a big fight, he will feel angry.
If a person is used to cooking, he is good at cooking as a result.
If a person is blamed for something, he will feel guilty.
If a person wakes up in a good mood, he has a good day as a result.
If a person resolves a misunderstanding, he will feel happy.
If a person considers others's opinion, he wants to listen to PersonY.
A person waits for others's reply in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person realizes the mistake, he will feel remorseful.
If a person can tell there is a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person is forced to do something unpleasant, he will feel upset.
If a person learns from his error, he does not repeat the error as a result.
If a person gets a good grade on an exam, he will feel pleased.
If a person is in the middle of a deal, he wants to get the deal done.
If a person starts making progress, he will feel confident.
If a person's neck gets tense, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to feel better.
If a person poses a logical question, he wants to solve the problem.
A person tries to be friendly in order to be liked.
If a person puts his things in order, he will feel organized.
If a person becomes stronger, he will feel confident.
If a person decides to have a siesta, he will feel relaxed.
A person cleans up his act in order to be a better person.
If a person finally found the right job, he will feel content.
A person continues to train in order to be fit.
If a person recognizes the beauty of the sunrise, he wants to see the sunrise.
If a person types a business letter, he will feel productive.
A person looks into the box in order to know what is in the box.
If a person notices that something has changed, he wants to find out what has changed.
If a person studies religious works, he will feel spiritual.
A person gets ready quickly in order to be ready for the day.
If a person wins in a competition, he is happy as a result.
If a person falls into confusion, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person begins a counseling session, he will feel concerned.
If a person debates his choices, he will feel unsure.
If a person goes through life with ease, he will feel relaxed.
If a person just can’t take it anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person hits a big shot, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others help one another, he will feel supportive.
If a person buys himself a new car, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels badly, he wants to feel better.
If a person thinks that others has a task for him, he wants to know what PersonY wants.
If a person argues with his father, he will feel angry.
If a person finishes it, he will feel accomplished.
A person works hard on weekends in order to get ahead.
If a person observes the surroundings, he will feel curious.
If a person throws 's birthday party, he will feel happy.
A person prepares for a job interview in order to be ready for a new job.
A person and others exercise in order to stay healthy and PersonY wants to stay fit.
If a person wins at selling, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is up all night, he is tired as a result.
A person starts doing it in order to get the job done.
If a person prays in a church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person stands up to the bully, he will feel confident.
A person goes back to see the person in order to know the person better.
If a person starts to suspect, he wants to investigate.
If a person is the high commander, he will feel important.
A person tries new things in order to be creative.
If a person had a great time, he will feel content.
A person and others get up early in order to start the day early.
A person plans to write a book in order to share his experiences.
If a person learns to play the flute, he enjoys playing the flute as a result.
A person looks others up in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person develops a theory, he wants to share his theory.
If a person meets a family member, he learns more about his family as a result.
A person reads the notice again in order to understand the message.
If a person has had a good workout, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person likes to be held, he will feel comforted.
If a person eats more dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a chance encounter with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person learns how to play the flute, he becomes a better musician as a result.
If a person finds a new restaurant, he wants to eat there.
If a person makes good use of his time, he will feel productive.
If a person knows how to set a good table, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains to become a doctor, he will feel dedicated.
A person visits his mother in order to be close to his mother.
If a person decides to go back to cooking, he will feel inspired.
If a person worries about Persons Y and Z, he wants to protect Persons Y and Z.
A person learns to treat others right in order to have a good relationship with PersonY.
If a person is being successful, he will feel proud.
A person and others trade e-mail in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person has a vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person checks the message board, he will feel curious.
If a person seizes the throne, he will feel triumphant.
If a person and others listen to live music, he will feel entertained.
If a person overcomes the challenge, he will feel triumphant.
If a person dances the tango, he will feel excited.
A person visits sick others in order to help PersonY.
A person practices for concert in order to be a better musician.
If a person is in a difficult situation, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person goes to his favorite restaurant, he will feel pleased.
If a person enters a new phase, he gains confidence as a result.
A person is taking a day off in order to relax.
If a person had some information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person succeeds at life, he will feel happy.
If a person attends a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person works hard for the boss, he will feel respected.
If a person takes advantage of a shower, he will feel fresh.
If a person feels a certain way, he wants to express that feeling.
A person comforts others when others cries in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person considers the problem, he will feel curious.
If a person becomes easygoing, he will feel content.
If a person thinks that everything is going to be all right, he will feel happy.
If a person's favorite song begins to play, he will feel happy.
If a person speaks on the telephone, he speaks to a friend as a result.
If a person sings a song to cheer others up, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person becomes involved in the neighborhood watch, he wants to keep his neighborhood safe.
If a person marries again, he is happy as a result.
If a person is deeply in love with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person considers a response, he writes a response as a result.
If a person has been looking forward to trying food, he enjoys the food as a result.
A person presses play in order to hear the music.
A person tries to come to a compromise in order to be fair.
If a person discusses the details, he wants to get to the point.
If a person will do something to please others, he is happy to please PersonY as a result.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a successful transaction, he is seen as good at business.
If a person gets hurt while climbing, he is in pain as a result.
A person sits down and relaxes in order to take a break.
If a person has a battle of wills, he will feel angry.
If a person is well thought of, he will feel respected.
If a person decides to do a good deed, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reconciles with her mother, he wants to spend more time with her mother.
If a person explores the far side of the Moon, he learns about the Moon as a result.
If a person wins the debate, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives the good news, he will feel joyful.
If a person regrets her deeds, he wants to undo her deeds.
If a person eats something delicious, he will feel full.
If a person gets the lead, he will feel confident.
If a person lives in pain, he will feel depressed.
A person and others take care of the horse in order to keep the horse healthy.
If a person practices talking, he will feel comfortable.
If a person heads out to the party, he will feel eager.
A person cleans up his house in order to be neat.
If a person chooses not to be persuaded, he will feel independent.
If a person takes on a new project, he wants to be more productive.
A person visits a sick others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is very interested in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person has a bad back, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is putting on makeup, he will feel attractive.
A person practices their aim in order to be better at shooting.
If a person has been going to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person becomes very good at reaching targets, he will feel confident.
A person meets the person in order to know more about the person.
A person explains the reasons for his actions in order to make his actions understandable.
If a person purchases a boat, he wants to go sailing.
A person imparts knowledge to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes some precautions, he is safe as a result.
A person works hard at the bakery in order to earn money.
If a person emerges victorious, he will feel satisfied.
If a person says something about the problem, he will feel concerned.
A person begins to tidy the garage in order to do a good job.
If a person helps a person in need, he will feel good.
If a person and others attend a conference, he and PersonY learn something new as a result.
If a person showers others with compliments, he will feel happy.
If a person had been honored, he is happy as a result.
If a person is amazed by others’s example, he is inspired by PersonY as a result.
If a person is not happy with the system, he wants to change the system.
If a person is happy with others's explanation, he wants to believe PersonY.
A person visits friends at their home in order to spend time with friends.
A person feeds the dogs in order to keep the dogs happy.
A person does some sales in order to earn money.
If a person decides to go bowling, he has fun bowling as a result.
If a person reads a great deal, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person becomes unable to handle it, he will feel helpless.
If a person looks up to his uncle, he will feel admired.
If a person joins others on the bus, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person thinks about a friend from the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person presents his argument, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person stops being so cautious, he will feel relaxed.
If a person recalls the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person starts to pack in order to move out.
If a person pays close attention, he will feel alert.
A person checks out the scene in order to understand the situation.
If a person starts playing the sport again, he will feel happy.
If a person organizes his equipment, he is neat as a result.
A person checks the bus schedule in order to know when the bus will arrive.
If a person works on getting to know others, he will feel motivated.
If a person listens to her daughter, he gets to know her daughter as a result.
If a person is offended by something, he gets angry as a result.
If a person completes a good-luck ritual, he will feel happy.
A person takes good care of himself in order to be healthy.
If a person recharges his battery, he will feel energized.
If a person takes charge of the situation, he will feel competent.
If a person explores a new idea, he learns something new as a result.
If a person takes her new job seriously, he will feel confident.
If a person acquires a pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person practices a new skill, he improves his performance as a result.
If a person listens to metal, he gains a liking for metal as a result.
A person continues to go fishing in order to continue to enjoy fishing.
A person flies through the sky in order to experience the freedom of flight.
A person asks others to help in order to solve the problem.
A person continues to take care of others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person gets out of debt, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is completely alone, he is lonely as a result.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person still has a chance, he will feel hopeful.
A person considers making small talk in order to be sociable.
If a person hears of a special offer, he wants to take advantage of the offer.
If a person admires the results, he wants to be like the results.
If a person is unsure about his friend's marriage, he wants to know more about his friend's marriage.
If a person becomes an engineer, he is a successful engineer as a result.
If a person claims his prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person is worried about his taxes, he will feel tense.
If a person argues with someone, he will feel irritated.
A person sends message to others in order to keep PersonY updated.
A person prepares for an early flight in order to get to the airport on time.
If a person hears the good news, he will feel happy.
If a person struggles with everyday tasks, he is frustrated as a result.
If a person joins a sporting club, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person works out hard, he will feel confident.
If a person sets to work, he will feel energetic.
If a person watches a comedian, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns more about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person launches an investigation, he will feel determined.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he behaves reasonably as a result.
A person has been up all night writing in order to be productive.
If a person throws his arms around others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person finds a good buy, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a productive day, he will feel content.
If a person's lips curve into a smile, he will feel content.
If a person has a panic attack, he wants to calm down.
If a person discovers an important relationship, he wants to find out more about this relationship.
If a person does his job very well, he will feel pleased.
If a person raises a concern, he wants to discuss the issue.
A person will take a shower soon in order to feel clean.
If a person visits a military base, he learns about the military as a result.
If a person goes back to his homeland, he visits his family as a result.
If a person struggles to make ends meet, he will feel frustrated.
If a person appears to win the debate, he will feel pleased.
If a person is treated as a human being, he will feel respected.
If a person performs a service, he is thanked by the client as a result.
If a person dances to a waltz, he will feel excited.
If a person prepares meals, he is seen as good at cooking.
If a person handles things well, he will feel in control.
A person speeds to work in order to be punctual.
If a person is surprised by a cold wind, he wants to be warm.
If a person tries hard to meet others's standards, he is seen as a good student.
If a person accepts a compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes an inquiry of others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person talks to others about others's health, he is concerned about PersonY's health as a result.
If a person tries to understand the mechanisms of something, he learns about the subject as a result.
If a person does something to help someone, he will feel happy.
If a person learns new facts, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person gets his life back on track, he is happier as a result.
A person is asked to organize the meetings in order to make sure that the meetings are run smoothly.
A person takes his brother to the train station in order to be there for his brother.
If a person learns to treat people fairly, he will feel good.
A person takes part in an exercise class in order to improve her health.
If a person enjoys a night out, he will feel relaxed.
If a person practices their aim, he will feel focused.
A person reads a notice in order to find out more about the notice.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person goes in search of work, he will feel determined.
If a person has an obligation, he wants to do his obligation.
If a person is about to take a bath, he will feel clean.
A person begins to write a letter in order to express her feelings.
If a person becomes an executive, he will feel powerful.
If a person starts a small argument, he gets angry as a result.
If a person plans to study for the exam, he will feel determined.
If a person is a successful negotiator, he makes a good deal as a result.
If a person appears to enjoy others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person reads a book that others gave him, he reads a book that he enjoys as a result.
If a person takes part in many different activities, he is seen as adventurous.
A person practices talking with others in order to get better at talking with PersonY.
A person is walking his dog in order to spend time with his dog.
A person acquires a gun in order to protect himself.
If a person wins the bet, he is happy as a result.
A person puts up decorations in order to make the house look nice.
If a person seeks reasons for something, he will feel rational.
If a person learns valuable information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person takes a vacation in the tropics, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries not to fall off the cliff, he doesn’t fall off the cliff as a result.
If a person goes down a slide, he is hurt as a result.
If a person takes on the task, he will feel motivated.
If a person bangs his head, he will feel frustrated.
If a person thinks about strategy, he will feel alert.
If a person has some ideas, he wants to share his ideas.
If a person finds work interesting, he wants to work more.
A person goes away from home in order to explore the world.
If a person hires a trainer, he wants to be in shape.
If a person feeds others a fabulous meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person has already slept through the night, he will feel rested.
If a person tends to his garden, he grows vegetables as a result.
If a person trains a new subordinate, he wants to make sure the subordinate is trained properly.
A person takes the car out for a spin in order to get a feel for the car.
If a person studies others's hairstyle, he is fascinated by PersonY's hair as a result.
If a person takes good care of his pet, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to hire a lawyer, he wants to hire a good lawyer.
If a person sticks with the project, he will feel confident.
A person reads more books in order to improve his reading skills.
A person tries new stuff in order to be more creative.
If a person could not take the heat, he wants to stay cool.
If a person is disappointed by someone's behavior, he is angry as a result.
If a person finds a great job, he will feel confident.
If a person and others engage in a conversation, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person loves others's questions, he will feel excited.
If a person begins to bleed, he is in pain as a result.
A person sits at his computer in order to do his work.
A person tells a friend about his feelings in order to be open with his feelings.
A person thinks of himself as a fighter in order to be able to defend himself.
If a person considers the possible consequences, he will feel cautious.
If a person sheds excess baggage, he will feel free.
If a person has his shit together, he will feel in control.
If a person sends a loving message, he will feel happy.
A person and others do volunteer work in order to help people and PersonY wants to be helpful.
A person questions others's decision in order to understand PersonY's reasoning.
If a person goes on a very long walk, he will feel happy.
If a person is haunted by a recurring nightmare, he will feel fearful.
If a person grasps the opportunity, he wants to learn.
A person co-operates with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person stands up for his convictions, he will feel determined.
A person gets up and goes to work in order to be productive.
If a person is feeling better, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to take an afternoon nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person seems like a good student, he will feel motivated.
A person prepares for the adventure in order to do something new.
A person flips through the channels in order to find something to watch.
If a person is always in trouble, he will feel worried.
If a person forms a relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person is rehearsing, he wants to perform.
A person provides a public talk in order to share his knowledge.
If a person seems to be reading an interesting story, he will feel happy.
If a person is productive, he will feel happy.
A person sings a few songs in order to express herself.
If a person rereads the books, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person practiced caution in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person is back on track, he is more motivated as a result.
A person continues the search in order to find a solution.
If a person works out at the gym, he will feel energized.
If a person is the 'hero' of the story, he is praised by the audience as a result.
A person starts reading a new book in order to learn something new.
A person go for a walk in the woods in order to relax.
If a person succeeds in becoming a CEO, he will feel satisfied.
If a person pulled a muscle in his back, he will feel in pain.
A person posts to the Internet in order to communicate with the world.
A person accepts others's proposal in order to be with PersonY.
If a person chooses not to let the past dominate the present, he wants to move forward.
If a person goes to mass, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is allergic to others's animals, he wants to avoid PersonY's animals.
A person invites others into his world in order to share his interests with PersonY.
If a person discovers what he's looking for, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person reads a comic, he will feel amused.
A person buys flowers for mother in order to make his mother happy.
If a person keeps cool, he will feel confident.
If a person eats a big steak, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is concerned about his new task, he wants to be reassured.
If a person is well received, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person learns to enjoy fish, he will feel satisfied.
A person tells her parents a second time in order to be able to communicate with her parents.
If a person is polite to others, he will feel nice.
If a person decides to buy something for himself, he will feel happy.
If a person loves others more each day, he wants to be with PersonY forever.
If a person is in a car crash, he will feel in pain.
If a person listens to quiet music, he feels calm as a result.
If a person has a bad first day on the job, he will feel upset.
A person is quick to answer the phone in order to be able to talk to people.
If a person has had a good workout, he will feel energized.
If a person meets an important goal, he will feel accomplished.
A person leaves home in order to be independent.
If a person joins a protest march, he will feel inspired.
If a person is the leader of the group, he will feel important.
If a person ends up with the job, he will feel satisfied.
A person heads to the library in order to study.
A person attends her sister's wedding in order to be part of her sister's life.
If a person gets annoyed by noise, he wants to quiet down.
If a person practices at the piano, he wants to play the piano.
If a person shows off his new shirt, he will feel proud.
A person gets ready to fall asleep in order to be rested.
If a person announces good news, he will feel excited.
If a person realizes the importance of compromise, he wants to be more flexible.
A person exercises his body in order to stay healthy.
If a person is lonely without others, he wants to have PersonY back.
If a person joins the protest, he will feel passionate.
If a person wins others's phone number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is given a reward, he feels happy as a result.
If a person buys a house for himself, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys a new challenge, he wants to learn a new skill.
If a person loves to sing, he wants to sing in front of an audience.
A person looks into things in order to know more about things.
If a person has lived a long time in the same region, he will feel at home.
If a person feels that someone is looking at her, he will feel paranoid.
If a person takes in a concert, he has a good time as a result.
If a person takes on his own responsibilities, he will feel independent.
If a person enjoys another day off, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries to set the record straight, he will feel determined.
If a person begins to finish the book, he will feel motivated.
If a person is beginning to argue, he will feel angry.
If a person thanks others for being a friend, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives himself a workout, he will feel strong.
If a person gets glasses, he sees better as a result.
A person continues to work hard in order to be a success.
If a person goes out for a vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person became a citizen in order to be part of the community.
If a person listens to the other side, he is informed of the other side as a result.
If a person plays the guitar for fun, he will feel happy.
A person works very hard in order to be good at his job.
If a person gets tired of others's invitation, he wants to stop inviting PersonY.
If a person finishes the job first, he will feel accomplished.
If a person swells with rage, he wants to explode.
If a person understands others's decision, he respects PersonY's decision as a result.
If a person finds a way to solve a problem, he will feel satisfied.
A person writes a paper on others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person hears a disturbing rumor, he becomes worried as a result.
If a person has received some important news, he will feel pleased.
A person meets with a financial adviser in order to improve his financial situation.
If a person got a book published, he is happy as a result.
A person takes a ride in order to be on the road.
A person must go home in order to see his family.
If a person gets on in life, he will feel confident.
If a person is in financial trouble, he will feel worried.
If a person is so easy to talk to, he will feel understood.
A person studies for the exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person notices a beautiful painting, he will feel amazed.
If a person finally gets some sleep, he will feel rested.
If a person compares different cultures, he is able to appreciate different cultures as a result.
If a person has a hectic schedule, he will feel tired.
A person learns to play music in order to be better at music.
If a person thought others was cheating, he wants to know if PersonY is cheating.
If a person talks well, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to play the flute, he becomes a musician as a result.
A person gives his all in order to be the best.
If a person earns a new title, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a fair job, he is satisfied with his job as a result.
If a person's soccer team wins, he will feel pleased.
If a person sets out on the treasure hunt, he will feel determined.
If a person takes up exercise, he will feel energized.
If a person has fun on the train, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person climbs the ladder, he gets promoted as a result.
If a person is on drugs, he will feel addicted.
A person starts to talk in order to talk to people.
A person carries out the program in order to get the job done.
A person tries to see a doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person has his arm broken, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets ready for the next game, he will feel determined.
A person is a good planner in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person employs people, he has a team of employees as a result.
A person goes to live in the city in order to be a part of the city.
If a person thinks of a plan, he will feel determined.
A person wants to take his sister with him in order to be able to care for his sister.
A person takes part in an exercise class in order to stay fit.
If a person has an opportunity, he wants to take advantage of the opportunity.
If a person learns a sport, he wants to play the sport.
A person visits an archive in order to research the past.
If a person has another nightmare, he is scared as a result.
If a person achieves her objective, he is happy as a result.
If a person is an observer of the scene, he will feel curious.
If a person explores the possibility, he wants to try it.
A person purchases a home in order to be settled.
If a person wins a match, he will feel pleased.
If a person's grandmother is hospitalized, he will feel concerned.
A person takes others out of the city in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is caring towards others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person prepared well for an exam, he wants to do well on the exam.
If a person realizes that a mistake has been made, he fixes the mistake as a result.
If a person realizes the problem, he solves the problem as a result.
If a person tests others’s theory, he will feel curious.
If a person continues to have a good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person launches an investigation, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person is victorious, he will feel proud.
A person sets others up on a date in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person snuggles up, he feels warm as a result.
If a person values learning, he will feel satisfied.
A person fixes a tap in order to make sure the tap is working.
If a person is dissatisfied with the job done, he will feel angry.
If a person goes to work as usual, he will feel normal.
If a person studies the night sky, he will feel fascinated.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he will feel relaxed.
A person learns new words every day in order to improve his vocabulary.
A person checks others's web site in order to see what PersonY is up to.
If a person notices that the gas tank is almost empty, he will feel concerned.
If a person knows others's needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person makes her way to the library, he reads a book as a result.
If a person realizes that his cousin needs help, he offers to help his cousin as a result.
If a person knows how to choose clothes, he will feel pretty.
If a person visits a health club, he wants to be in shape.
If a person looks for a movie to watch, he finds a movie that he likes as a result.
If a person starts to doubt, he will feel anxious.
A person leaves his boyfriend in order to be with someone new.
A person searches the Web in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person has passed some exams, he will feel pleased.
If a person has his shit together, he is successful as a result.
If a person got his fingers stuck in a newspaper, he wants to get his fingers unstuck.
If a person continues to prove himself to others, he will feel powerful.
If a person is told a very depressing story, he is saddened as a result.
A person examines an object in order to learn more about the object.
A person sorts his words in order to be precise.
If a person gets a drink, he will feel refreshed.
If a person speaks to the press, he gets media attention as a result.
A person begins writing a book in order to express her thoughts.
If a person feels like taking a shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person goes out of town for the weekend in order to get away from the house.
A person is the best agent for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person begins working out, he will feel motivated.
If a person says the Lord's Prayer, he will feel reverent.
A person decides to see her mother in order to be closer to her mother.
If a person keeps a cool head, he will feel in control.
If a person is full of doubts, he will feel worried.
If a person does a great big dance, he will feel thrilled.
If a person is chosen to lead the conference, he will feel important.
If a person watches a good show, he will feel amused.
If a person tries to understand it, he will feel curious.
If a person is struggling with a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person doesn't want to seem violent, he doesn't hit anyone as a result.
If a person is tired of hearing about it, he wants to be left alone.
A person tries to talk to others's daughter in order to be close to PersonY's daughter.
If a person has terrible problems, he will feel distressed.
A person rereads others's work in order to understand PersonY's work.
If a person takes care of her own baby, he will feel self-sufficient.
If a person works on it, he will feel motivated.
If a person has fun on vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person proves the rumor wrong, he will feel confident.
If a person hit his head, he will feel in pain.
If a person joins a school club, he will feel motivated.
If a person falls and hurts himself, he is in pain as a result.
If a person's favorite singer visits town, he wants to see the singer.
A person jumps in the car in order to go somewhere.
If a person has a very difficult decision to make, he will feel uncertain.
A person never stops it immediately in order to continue the task.
If a person remembers a mistake, he wants to make sure it doesn't happen again.
If a person invites others for tea, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person develops a social life, he wants to spend more time with his friends.
If a person orders a salad, he is pleased with the salad as a result.
A person works hard at work in order to succeed.
If a person is involved in a car accident, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person is throwing a party, he will feel excited.
A person teaches others to live in order to make PersonY a better person.
If a person reads this newspaper, he will feel informed.
A person walks to meet others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person brings a complaint, he wants to be listened to.
If a person feels a bit better, he will feel confident.
A person goes to an AA meeting in order to be sober.
If a person begins a study of history, he learns to appreciate history as a result.
A person saves money to pay his bills in order to be financially stable.
If a person made a grave mistake, he will feel remorseful.
If a person reaches new heights, he will feel confident.
If a person always keeps a set schedule, he is punctual as a result.
If a person goes through life with ease, he will feel peaceful.
If a person thinks the right thing, he will feel confident.
If a person raises a glass of champagne, he will feel merry.
If a person listens to something good, he will feel joyful.
If a person admires others’s shoes, he wants to have a pair of shoes like PersonY’s.
If a person calls his own attention to it, he will feel intrigued.
If a person gets it all right, he will feel accomplished.
A person pushes himself in order to improve his physical fitness.
If a person squirms with discomfort, he wants to relax.
If a person studies extra hard, he is seen as smart.
If a person explains her view, he ’s views are understood as a result.
If a person gets hit by a puck, he gets injured as a result.
If a person loves his cat, he wants to keep his cat.
If a person recalls something about her early childhood, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person meditates every day, he will feel peaceful.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he will feel at peace.
If a person meets deadlines, he will feel productive.
A person helped others with homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets ahead of others in the game, he will feel good.
If a person often goes shopping, he buys clothes as a result.
If a person talks to others and considers the possibilities, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person wins a fight with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains for a run, he will feel energetic.
If a person is distracted at work, he will feel unproductive.
If a person trains harder than normal, he will feel determined.
A person is taking notes in order to remember what he is learning.
A person eats dinner with his family in order to spend time with his family.
A person teaches others to program in order to help PersonY.
A person checks out others's suggestion in order to see what PersonY has to say.
A person insists on attending a conference in order to learn something new.
If a person is bothered by a false rumor, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person is suspicious of the news, he wants to know what's going on.
A person goes to see Mum in order to make sure Mum is okay.
If a person lost a loved one, he will feel devastated.
A person confronts him or herself in order to be able to face the truth.
A person drinks the water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person regrets their mistake, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
If a person purchases a new dress, he will feel happy.
A person acts quickly in order to get the job done.
A person lays on his bed in order to rest.
If a person fears a visit from her mother, he will feel nervous.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he will feel grateful.
If a person steps outside and looks around, he wants to see the world.
If a person reads the notice again, he wants to know what it says.
If a person tries to console a grieving relative, he will feel compassionate.
If a person is back on track, he is happy as a result.
A person attends the family reunion in order to spend time with his family.
A person works very hard in order to succeed.
If a person wins others’s affection, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person expresses genuine thanks, he will feel happy.
If a person is rewarded for good deeds, he is happy as a result.
If a person checks in with the "girl", he wants to talk to the "girl".
If a person finds it suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person throws others a surprise party, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to read a mystery, he will feel entertained.
If a person has some quiet time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has come to the right place, he will feel happy.
If a person finally does the right thing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes his pet to the doctor, he wants to keep his pet healthy.
If a person begins to follow a diet, he loses weight as a result.
If a person likes to wander around alone, he will feel free.
If a person will be in trouble soon, he will feel worried.
If a person visits a circus, he will feel entertained.
If a person has hurt his foot, he is in pain as a result.
A person resists the urge to smile in order to maintain a serious attitude.
If a person experiences a traumatic event, he will feel scared.
If a person learns from his mistake, he wants to do better.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he wants to fix it.
A person spends a lot of time with her family in order to be close to her family.
If a person isn’t so sure about this, he will feel confused.
If a person indulges in an activity, he will feel relaxed.
If a person knows what he’s doing, he will feel in control.
If a person tries to check out books, he wants to read more.
If a person goes home and pours a cup of tea, he will feel warm.
If a person got beat up, he will feel hurt.
If a person finds something appealing, he wants to get the object.
A person practices sports in order to improve his skills.
If a person discusses the topic, he is seen as knowledgeable.
A person types letters in order to communicate with the outside world.
A person avoids war in order to be peaceful.
If a person reads an article in the newspaper, he wants to know more about the article.
If a person gets attacked on the street, he will feel scared.
If a person convinces others to come back, he will feel confident.
If a person gives it his all, he will feel energized.
If a person and others watch a television show, he will feel entertained.
If a person asks her father, he wants to know more about her father.
If a person gains information, he knows the truth as a result.
If a person watches TV with him, he is entertained as a result.
If a person begins to read a letter, he will feel curious.
A person cleans his home in order to be neat.
If a person puts on coat and hat, he will feel ready.
If a person keeps his books straight, he is successful in school as a result.
A person keeps calm and forces himself to focus in order to do his best.
If a person finds the perfect apartment, he will feel pleased.
If a person musters the troops, he will feel determined.
If a person still thinks about it, he wants to know more.
If a person takes swimming lessons, he wants to be a swimmer.
A person thinks of moving away in order to start a new life.
If a person faces a moral dilemma, he will feel distressed.
A person runs around the neighborhood in order to be outside.
A person seeks out opinions in order to be well informed.
If a person meets a crowd, he gets to know new people as a result.
If a person starts taking art classes, he will feel inspired.
If a person and  fight, he will feel angry.
If a person thinks about backing out, he will feel worried.
If a person starts getting a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person is moved by others's words, he feels sympathy for PersonY as a result.
If a person treats others to ice cream, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets on the move, he will feel in control.
If a person enjoys her dinner, he will feel content.
If a person finally gets some action, he is sexually satisfied as a result.
If a person lands a high-paying job, he will feel excited.
If a person performs in the community, he receives praise from the community as a result.
If a person gets better at soccer, he will feel good.
If a person gets accepted to college, he wants to stay in school.
If a person goes to the art gallery, he enjoys the art as a result.
A person treats others with kindness in order to be a good friend.
If a person visits the health food store, he wants to eat healthier.
A person works without stopping in order to be productive.
If a person has the wrong information, he has to correct his error as a result.
If a person drives to a great location, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns a lot of new information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person sees something is not right, he will feel alarmed.
If a person begins to play guitar, he will feel inspired.
A person shows himself naked to others in order to show PersonY his true self.
If a person takes on a new challenge, he wants to win.
If a person has something delicious, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stays cool, he will feel relaxed.
If a person practices self-discipline, he will feel self-confident.
If a person has a good game, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns about cooking, he is interested in cooking as a result.
If a person collects art, he is inspired by art as a result.
A person visits the family grave in order to pay his respects.
If a person is apprehensive, he wants to be reassured.
If a person is at war with his thoughts, he wants to get rid of his thoughts.
If a person's gets married, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys a good laugh, he wants to laugh more.
A person begins working out in order to be healthy.
A person sorts his words in order to be more precise.
A person invites others over in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person collects art, he will feel pleased.
A person went for a stroll in order to get some fresh air.
A person tries to pass a test in order to do well in school.
A person stops by others’s in order to see PersonY.
If a person read about it in the paper, he will feel interested.
If a person becomes an evangelist, he gains followers as a result.
If a person kicks back in a recliner, he will feel relaxed.
If a person builds up business success, he earns a lot of money as a result.
A person decides to get out of the house in order to see the world.
If a person tries to keep his cool, he doesn’t lose his temper as a result.
A person talks to him about it in order to know more about it.
If a person finishes reading a book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suffers a heavy loss, he is upset as a result.
If a person pens a thank-you note, he will feel happy.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person has a happy family, he will feel loved.
If a person was hurt in an accident, he was treated for his injuries as a result.
If a person respects others’s personality, he likes PersonY as a result.
A person goes to a political meeting in order to be involved in politics.
If a person gets annoyed with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person settles on the chair, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person feels wronged, he wants to get even.
If a person is bothered by a bug, he wants to get rid of the bug.
If a person enjoys his dinner, he will feel full.
A person talks about the dream in order to tell the dream to someone.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited day off, he will feel relaxed.
If a person keeps to her routine, he will feel secure.
If a person begins a series of conversations, he wants to talk to everyone.
If a person encounters a terrible problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person pulls a trick on others, he will feel clever.
If a person cannot decide, he will feel confused.
If a person has a happy dream, he wakes up smiling as a result.
If a person took the initiative, he will feel in control.
If a person enjoys an evening meal, he will feel relaxed.
If a person constructs a useful object, he will feel pleased.
If a person switches to a new type of medical treatment, he wants to get better.
A person learns more about others in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person makes a good living, he will feel successful.
If a person watches old films, he learns to enjoy old films as a result.
If a person and others fell in love, he wants to get married.
A person picks up the telephone in order to speak to someone.
If a person brings good home, he is praised by his parents as a result.
If a person inspects the noise, he will feel interested.
If a person has something to share, he wants to tell his friends.
A person mows the lawn in order to keep the lawn neat.
If a person takes part in an exercise class, he wants to be in shape.
If a person has a successful pitch with good content, he will feel pleased.
A person reads others’s opinion in order to understand PersonY’s point of view.
If a person wishes to express an idea, he wants to make a presentation.
If a person surprises others with a present, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a cool job, he is happy as a result.
A person visits her sick mother in order to be with her mother.
If a person works in the restaurant business, he will feel busy.
If a person hunts for the phone number, he will feel determined.
A person starts on the job in order to earn money.
If a person has a successful business deal, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a big present, he is pleased as a result.
If a person recognizes a problem, he solves the problem as a result.
A person pretends to be someone in order to have a secret identity.
If a person learns how to tell jokes, he will feel amused.
If a person and others goes to the Opera, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others gets shot, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person continues the investigation, he will feel motivated.
If a person checks things off the list, he will feel satisfied.
A person follows others to the concert in order to be with PersonY.
If a person quits life of crime, he is now a good citizen as a result.
A person hangs out with the guys in order to be a part of the group.
If a person feels guilty, he wants to apologize.
A person is trying to contact others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is attacked by a person, he is hurt as a result.
If a person becomes concerned, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person learns how to surf, he is a good surfer as a result.
If a person embarks on a new journey, he will feel determined.
If a person goes through the article, he will feel curious.
If a person bites into a pie, he will feel full.
If a person becomes comfortable with others, he will feel happy.
If a person won a medal in a contest, he will feel pleased.
A person has a life of her own in order to be independent.
A person searches the web in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person has a deep breath, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person finds love again, he is happy as a result.
A person dropped by his friend’s house in order to see his friend.
If a person notices others's beautiful eyes, he wants to look at PersonY's eyes.
If a person takes to others’s advice, he wants to do more of PersonY’s advice.
If a person has fun with 's sister, he will feel happy.
A person and others try to get together in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gets overworked, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person gets things going, he will feel excited.
If a person goes in search of work, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes through a tough time, he will feel upset.
If a person enjoys a long walk, he will feel refreshed.
A person urges others to resolve the problem in order to see PersonY succeed.
A person studies languages in order to be fluent in another language.
A person leaves home for the first time in order to become independent.
If a person take charge of the situation, he wants to make things better.
If a person begins to like others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person enjoys her time with others, he will feel content.
If a person goes down to the hospital, he is treated for an illness as a result.
A person signs up for MMA classes in order to be in shape.
If a person has bad intentions towards others, he wants to hurt PersonY.
If a person gets better grades, he will feel successful.
If a person shares advice with others, he is seen as wise.
If a person finds success, he will feel happy.
A person goes out for the night in order to have fun.
If a person and others meet in the library, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person is spending time with his friends, he will feel happy.
If a person cleans his mind, he will feel calm.
If a person indulges in a pep talk, he will feel energized.
If a person expects too much of others, he wants to stop expecting so much of PersonY.
A person provides for her children in order to be a good mother.
A person works out in a gym in order to be in shape.
If a person raises some concerns, he wants to be sure.
If a person builds a fire in the fireplace, he will feel comfortable.
If a person finds an efficient way, he saves time as a result.
If a person pays attention to his goals, he will feel motivated.
If a person is really enjoying himself, he will feel content.
If a person lands a book contract, he will feel thrilled.
A person takes the offensive in order to be able to fight.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel joyful.
If a person practices many times, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person eats a snack, he will feel full.
If a person starts up an international business, he wants to expand.
If a person likes working with others, he will feel productive.
If a person insists that there is a storm in the distance, he wants to find shelter.
A person explores the past in order to know the truth.
If a person ends a successful period, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to do this every year, he will feel excited.
A person is training for the marathon in order to be fit.
If a person and others try out for the team, he wants to be on the team.
A person brushes his teeth in order to be clean.
A person does things for others in order to be helpful.
If a person works on his own, he becomes more independent as a result.
If a person explains in detail, he is understood as a result.
If a person is good at cooking, he makes a delicious meal as a result.
A person carries out the program in order to finish the program.
If a person discovers that others is hiding something, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
If a person practices breaking bricks, he is better at breaking bricks as a result.
If a person works hard, he will feel motivated.
A person listens to what others says in order to understand PersonY.
If a person finds fault with something, he wants to fix it.
If a person starts a small argument, he will feel irritated.
A person is learning new skills in order to be better at something.
If a person studies math every day, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets caught for crime, he is sentenced to jail as a result.
A person tries the dress on in order to see how it looks.
If a person lies down on the bed, he will feel comfortable.
A person starts working on an idea in order to be creative.
If a person and others do things together, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
A person makes a donation to charity in order to help others.
If a person hears some interesting news, he wants to share the news.
If a person plans to do it herself, he will feel capable.
If a person has a very good time, he will feel happy.
If a person visits all his friends, he is seen as a good friend.
A person sneaks off with others in order to be alone with PersonY.
A person delivers a message to others in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person is in a big fight, he will feel upset.
If a person visits a spa, he wants to relax.
A person spends a lot of time working in order to be productive.
If a person has a miserable childhood, he will feel unhappy.
If a person gets hurt in a storm, he is in pain as a result.
If a person goes to the bed, he will feel sleepy.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a member of the singing club, he learns to sing as a result.
If a person requests help from others, he will feel supported.
If a person relaxes and is carefree, he feels good as a result.
A person drops everything and goes to the gym in order to be in shape.
A person learns to speak French in order to be fluent in French.
If a person steps up for others, he will feel strong.
If a person works well, he will feel confident.
If a person tells a good joke, he will feel amused.
A person takes others for a wild ride in order to show PersonY a good time.
A person calls an attorney in order to get legal advice.
If a person asks for some help, he is helped as a result.
If a person takes a little rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is feeling down, he wants to feel better.
If a person has sinned, he wants to repent.
If a person accepts others’s generosity, he will feel grateful.
A person continues at a university in order to be a student.
A person is participating in the experiment in order to be a part of the experiment.
If a person gets ready for work, he will feel organized.
If a person finds a mate, he wants to get married.
If a person listens to others singing, he enjoys PersonY’s singing as a result.
If a person has a bad day, he will feel angry.
A person reads the text in order to understand the message.
If a person is practicing meditation, he will feel peaceful.
A person spends some time working on the car in order to make the car better.
If a person feels guilty about others, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has passed his exams, he will feel happy.
If a person cannot look others in the eye, he avoids eye contact with PersonY as a result.
If a person confronts others about her lies, he wants to make PersonY tell the truth.
If a person drinks the water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person discovers an answer, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a concern, he wants to know what it is.
If a person tries to resolve the issue, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person agrees to be with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person puts a call through to others in order to help PersonY.
A person works hard in order to succeed.
If a person gets a passport, he travels abroad as a result.
If a person starts to play soccer, he gets better at soccer as a result.
If a person goes running every day, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person suffers the consequences, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is a good influence on others, he makes PersonY a better person as a result.
If a person goes to the art gallery with friends, he will feel entertained.
If a person arranges to see others again, he will feel happy.
If a person resolves an argument, he will feel satisfied.
If a person inquires about the forms, he receives the forms as a result.
A person works out in the backyard in order to keep fit.
If a person has his own car, he will feel independent.
A person prepares for an early flight in order to be on time.
If a person takes another vow, he will feel dedicated.
If a person gets the better of others, he will feel happy.
If a person sees something is not right, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person laughs and talks, he will feel excited.
If a person acts quickly and wisely, he will feel competent.
If a person examines the situation, he will feel analytical.
A person spends time with an alcoholic in order to help an alcoholic.
A person is walking around the city in order to see the city.
If a person takes a trip to the movies, he will feel excited.
If a person learns the value of patience, he wants to learn to be patient.
If a person can see for himself, he will feel independent.
If a person prepares an annual report, he will feel productive.
If a person and others drink a lot of alcohol, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
If a person stays for a long time, he is seen as reliable.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he will feel concerned.
If a person makes a great deal of money, he will feel wealthy.
A person offers others something in order to help PersonY.
If a person objects to the neighbor’s dog, he wants to get rid of the dog.
If a person continues working hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person considers his or her options, he wants to decide.
If a person dances to some music, he will feel happy.
A person brings a lawyer to the table in order to be able to defend himself.
A person joins a rally in order to show his support for the cause.
A person keeps moving on in order to make progress.
If a person and others love to spend time together, he and PersonY become closer as a result.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he feels organized as a result.
If a person is a gifted writer, he gets published as a result.
A person and others decide to do something together in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person acts right, he will feel good.
If a person gains a new insight, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works well with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he will feel secure.
If a person enjoys a talk with his colleagues, he will feel happy.
If a person admires what others makes, he will feel happy.
A person walks along the shore in order to be near the ocean.
If a person starts a holiday, he will feel happy.
A person explains others's words in order to clarify PersonY's words.
If a person rinses his hands, he will feel clean.
A person picks up a packet in order to read the packet.
A person studies the diagram in order to understand the system.
If a person is faced with a question, he wants to answer the question.
If a person does not like her job, he will feel frustrated.
A person considers taking a trip in order to see new places.
A person reads a piece of paper in order to find out what the paper says.
If a person plays a computer game, he will feel entertained.
If a person goes to an author talk, he will feel entertained.
If a person makes an eloquent speech, he will feel confident.
A person has to go home in order to see his family.
If a person buys a new bed, he will feel pleased.
If a person is left out in the cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person is not sure of his feelings, he wants to know what he is feeling.
If a person always tells the truth, he will feel sincere.
If a person asks about, he will feel interested.
If a person listens to their songs, he likes their songs as a result.
A person plays with his animals in order to keep his animals happy.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he wants to find the good in every situation.
If a person plays it up, he will feel confident.
If a person gets employment, he will feel confident.
If a person takes up fencing, he is good at fencing as a result.
If a person is about to go on holiday, he will feel happy.
A person buys a ticket to travel in order to see the world.
A person trains intensely in order to be the best.
If a person is told he'll survive, he will feel reassured.
If a person draws a comic strip, he will feel creative.
A person builds others’s confidence in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is respected by many, he will feel valued.
If a person takes his chance, he will feel successful.
If a person is involved in a plane crash, he is injured as a result.
If a person overcomes it, he will feel accomplished.
If a person discovers a new interest, he wants to pursue that interest.
If a person joins a cause, he wants to help others.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he wants to take advantage of the opportunity.
If a person keeps the party going, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to opera, he learns to appreciate classical music as a result.
If a person puts on the covers, he is warm as a result.
If a person has a responsibility, he wants to do his job.
If a person goes ahead with her work, he will feel ambitious.
If a person was always polite, he is well-mannered as a result.
If a person works at a job, he will feel busy.
If a person gets some easy food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has an amazing idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person cooks something special, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to the play, he will feel entertained.
If a person did it right, he will feel pleased.
If a person ends up being taken to task, he gets a scolding as a result.
If a person is thrown across the room, he is injured as a result.
A person had to explain the facts in order to be honest.
If a person plays good music, he gets compliments as a result.
If a person decides to try new things, he enjoys new experiences as a result.
If a person is a hit in his new setting, he will feel content.
A person talks about themselves in order to share their feelings.
If a person decides to take up jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person is done a favor, he will feel pleased.
A person helps the elderly cross the street in order to help others.
A person is moving away in order to be on his own.
If a person encounters frustration, he wants to stop feeling frustrated.
If a person sends a thank-you note, he will feel appreciated.
If a person spends the evening with her friend, he gets to know her friend better as a result.
If a person finds out about a problem, he takes action as a result.
If a person studies her problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person thinks others's work is important, he wants to help PersonY as a result.
If a person begins planning the holiday, he wants to have a good time.
If a person loves to write, he will feel inspired.
If a person chills with others, he will feel relaxed.
A person really appreciates seeing a counselor in order to talk about his problems.
If a person was complimented by others, he will feel pleased.
A person thinks of applying for a job in order to be a part of the workforce.
If a person says the right thing, he will feel good.
If a person receives a raise, he will feel pleased.
A person examines the jar in order to understand the jar.
If a person questions himself, he will feel confused.
If a person gets ready for battle, he will feel determined.
A person loves to go for walks in order to enjoy the fresh air.
If a person experiences a traumatic event, he will feel frightened.
A person checks on the baby in order to be sure the baby is okay.
If a person questions others's word, he wants to know the truth.
If a person sees the play again, he will feel entertained.
A person takes an English class in order to be better at English.
A person worked hard at her job in order to be a good employee.
If a person continues working, he will feel committed.
If a person acquires a bike, he is happy as a result.
A person walks through park in order to be in nature.
If a person is dedicated to his job, he wants to be a great employee.
If a person gets the results, he will feel happy.
If a person is threatened by personY, he feels afraid as a result.
A person rereads others's essay in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person meets new people, he will feel curious.
If a person has had dinner, he will feel full.
If a person gains favor, he will feel pleased.
If a person builds the company well, he will feel confident.
A person explores in order to be open to new experiences.
If a person gets better all the time, he will feel hopeful.
A person moves away again in order to be independent.
If a person explores the possibility, he will feel interested.
If a person has a dangerous encounter, he will feel afraid.
A person will get married in a civil ceremony in order to have a wedding that is legally binding.
If a person maintains a healthy lifestyle, he will feel happy.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person discovers something of interest to her, he gets excited as a result.
A person reads daily in order to be well informed.
If a person fights with her parents, he is angry with her parents as a result.
If a person learns how to act like a man, he wants to be a man.
If a person faces his fear, he wants to overcome his fear.
If a person has a serious misunderstanding with others, he is upset as a result.
If a person practices their skill, he is seen as good at it.
A person plans an event for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets a bad experience, he will feel hurt.
If a person puts down roots, he will feel at home.
If a person's hand is crushed by others, he will feel hurt.
If a person likes to plan, he is a good planner as a result.
If a person suffers a cataclysmic loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person almost forgets his homework, he wants to remember his homework.
If a person sees new possibilities, he wants to pursue new possibilities.
A person decides to follow through in order to complete a task.
If a person questions others’s actions, he wants to understand PersonY’s perspective.
If a person develops a strategy, he wants to implement the strategy.
If a person takes offense to the comment, he gets angry as a result.
A person drives away from home in order to be independent.
If a person gets to the bottom of it, he will feel enlightened.
A person participates in an online chat in order to communicate with others.
If a person dresses up in the house, he will feel pretty.
If a person lands a job at the company, he will feel pleased.
If a person agrees to the contract, he will feel satisfied.
A person stops to smell the flowers in order to enjoy the beauty of nature.
If a person considers personY's response, he wants to think about it.
If a person gets used to sth, he will feel confident.
If a person learns new skill, he gets better at the skill as a result.
If a person asks the teacher questions, he will feel interested.
If a person works out a deal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is fed up with the fight, he stops fighting as a result.
A person asks others to help with the party in order to make the party successful.
If a person complains about always being late, he will feel frustrated.
A person practices target shooting in order to become a better marksman.
If a person consults a chiropractor, he wants to be healthy.
If a person realizes his guilt, he wants to stop feeling guilty.
If a person attends a wild party, he gets drunk as a result.
A person brings it all together in order to get everything done.
If a person launches an investigation, he wants to solve the case.
A person gathers the items in order to complete the task.
If a person is unhappy with her job, he wants to quit.
If a person ties up loose ends, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks hard about things, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gets back in the saddle, he will feel hopeful.
If a person wins a big prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves an issue, he is pleased as a result.
If a person starts to dance, he will feel happy.
If a person has his shit together, he will feel confident.
If a person gets used to the situation, he will feel relieved.
If a person does really well, he will feel happy.
If a person learns a new dance, he will feel excited.
If a person is cheated by a swindler, he is upset as a result.
A person walks across the grass in order to exercise.
If a person plays in the nearby park, he has fun as a result.
A person visits a temple in order to be spiritual.
A person decides to change jobs in order to get a better job.
If a person doesn't bring up others's past, he doesn't make PersonY feel bad as a result.
If a person feels a sense of humor, he wants to be funny.
If a person buys a better bed, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances wildly, he will feel ecstatic.
If a person battles a dragon, he wants to defeat the dragon.
If a person gets good advice, he will feel enlightened.
A person visits Elaine in order to help Elaine.
If a person adjusts to parenthood, he will feel relaxed.
If a person puts in some extra work, he will feel motivated.
If a person feels that someone else is wrong, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person looks for advice, he learns from others as a result.
A person walks through the city in order to explore the city.
If a person finds a good buy, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes out loans, he is in debt as a result.
If a person drinks water and others notices, he will feel refreshed.
If a person runs off to play, he will feel excited.
If a person is at the library, he wants to study.
If a person continues the fight, he wants to win.
If a person feels very bad about his condition, he wants to feel better.
A person fixes the toaster in order to make sure that the toaster works.
A person examines the wound in order to understand the wound.
If a person does not know what to do next, he is confused as a result.
If a person borrows books from the library, he reads more books as a result.
If a person finds a nice piece of wood, he will feel pleased.
If a person does his makeup, he will feel pretty.
If a person raises the money, he will feel successful.
If a person and others get dressed, he and PersonY are ready to go out as a result.
If a person decided to take a break, he will feel free.
A person introduces others to a musical instrument in order to introduce PersonY to a new hobby.
If a person has a good personality, he will feel liked.
If a person gets good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person convinces others to meet him, he will feel confident.
A person picks up a telephone in order to speak to someone.
If a person and others prepare for war, he will feel determined.
If a person stops lying, he will feel truthful.
If a person has a meal at home, he has a good meal as a result.
If a person seems like a sweet person, he is nice to me as a result.
If a person gets a bad result on an exam, he will feel upset.
If a person notices a spot on his cloth, he wants to clean his cloth.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person gets something from the store, he will feel happy.
A person drives around the village in order to be outside.
A person starts playing the violin in order to improve his musical skills.
If a person and others talk about changes, he wants to make changes.
If a person spends more time with his friends, he gets closer to his friends as a result.
If a person is perturbed, he wants to calm down.
If a person reads others's bio, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person stops for a haircut, he has a nice haircut as a result.
If a person takes control of the situation, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person is the world's leading expert, he will feel confident.
If a person questions his own sanity, he wants to be sane.
A person reminds others about the dentist's appointment in order to be sure PersonY will go to the dentist.
If a person resumes an old activity, he has fun as a result.
If a person meets a new partner, he will feel happy.
If a person learns from mistakes, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person understands the special needs of others, he is able to help PersonY as a result.
If a person puts in extra hours, he will feel productive.
If a person and others run around in circles, he will feel energetic.
If a person decides to visit the capital, he wants to see the sights.
A person rises at dawn in order to start the day early.
If a person attends a performance, he likes the performance as a result.
If a person gets a high mark, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks hard about others, he will feel concerned.
If a person rides the bike, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person likes to ask questions, he will feel intrigued.
If a person meets a nice stranger, he gets to know the stranger as a result.
If a person is a dutiful spouse, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person convinces others to help out, he will feel confident.
If a person learns how to be nice, he will feel relaxed.
If a person discovers a beautiful painting, he will feel amazed.
If a person does a dance, he will feel good.
If a person watches a great film, he will feel satisfied.
If a person obtains favor from others, he will feel appreciated.
A person arrives at the hospital in order to be treated.
If a person turns to religion, he will feel inspired.
If a person moves toward his destiny, he will feel confident.
If a person is amazed by something, he wants to see more of that thing.
If a person discusses a problem with others, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
A person follows others everywhere in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person decides to train martial arts, he learns to defend himself as a result.
If a person hangs out with other people, he will feel happy.
If a person likes to walk in the city, he will feel content.
If a person has a can-do attitude, he wants to do everything.
A person makes telephone calls in order to talk to people.
If a person succeeds in wooing others, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person gains clarity, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets excited about receiving a present, he wants to open the present.
If a person starts getting dressed up every day, he will feel sexy.
If a person has a wonderful time, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a few friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a new pair of glasses, he wants to see better.
If a person gets help from personY, he will feel cared for.
If a person contemplates the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person has an interesting idea, he will feel excited.
If a person sorts out the mess, he will feel in control.
If a person prepares himself, he feels confident as a result.
If a person takes courses at school, he is seen as smart.
If a person does some swimming, he gets fit as a result.
If a person plays it cool, he will feel comfortable.
If a person enjoys the evening, he will feel relaxed.
A person accepts a job in town in order to earn money.
A person runs in the park in order to get some exercise.
If a person exercises in the morning, he is seen as fit.
If a person graduates with honors, he will feel proud.
If a person has a good rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person's life is better now, he will feel satisfied.
If a person completes the plan, he will feel pleased.
If a person is given a plan, he wants to get to work.
If a person jogs on the weekend, he gets fit as a result.
If a person wins a local competition, he will feel happy.
If a person has found a job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works out in a gym, he wants to be in shape.
If a person secures a place, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finds his target, he is happy as a result.
If a person trains in the wood, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a powerful thought, he wants to think about it.
If a person seems concerned, he wants to be sure.
If a person drinks beer in the kitchen, he is intoxicated as a result.
If a person achieves great success, he will feel pleased.
A person gives his girlfriend a gift in order to make his girlfriend happy.
If a person commits to a cause, he is happy as a result.
If a person finally lives his dream, he will feel content.
If a person starts meditating, he calms down as a result.
If a person listens to records, he develops an interest in music as a result.
A person directs others to play with matches in order PersonY to be more active.
If a person has no idea where to look, he will feel lost.
If a person takes several jobs, he will feel busy.
A person climbs into bed in order to rest.
If a person checks the news, he will feel interested.
A person checks out others’s profile in order to see what PersonY is like.
A person sees a lawyer in order to defend himself.
If a person gets a complimentary meal, he will feel appreciated.
A person confronts the chef in order to learn more about the chef.
If a person feels threatened, he wants to protect himself.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person makes a new plan, he wants to follow the plan.
If a person devises a solution, he wants to make the solution work.
If a person disagrees with the decision, he wants to change the decision.
If a person dined at an expensive restaurant, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to get information, he gets information as a result.
If a person observes what is happening, he will feel curious.
A person organizes the event in order to make the event successful.
If a person respects others’s preferences, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person plans her next step, he will feel determined.
If a person learns to rely on himself, he will feel confident.
A person writes down things others has said in order to remember what PersonY has said.
A person decided to go to college in order to improve his life.
A person enforces the rule in order to maintain order.
A person encourages others to write in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person starts feeling better, he will feel happy.
A person pays back in order to make amends.
If a person is eating and sleeping well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes to spend time with others, he will feel content.
A person practices French with others in order to improve her French.
A person is washing dishes in order to get the dishes clean.
A person sends her son to school in order her son to succeed.
If a person listens to others's "rules", he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person succeeds at socializing, he will feel happy.
If a person meets an attractive man, he is attracted to the man as a result.
If a person and her team win, he is happy as a result.
If a person has trouble with something, he wants to know what it is.
A person pushes others to grow in order PersonY to be independent.
If a person imagines what would happen if ..., he will feel worried.
A person listens to personY in order to understand another person.
If a person thinks about giving up, he will feel discouraged.
If a person has an interesting career, he is satisfied with his career as a result.
If a person does something nice for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person catches up on work, he will feel refreshed.
A person spends quality time with others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person kisses his wife, he will feel happy.
If a person looks up its symptoms, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person tries to start a conversation in order to be social.
If a person hangs around with others, he becomes friends with PersonY as a result.
If a person discusses others's thoughts, he wants to understand PersonY.
A person sends a mail to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person reads a bedtime story, he will feel relaxed.
If a person shows that he is a good leader, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a break, he will feel relaxed.
A person has to try hard in order to be good at something.
If a person receives flowers from her secret admirer, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks the Lord to guide him, he will feel guided.
If a person smells something awful, he will feel disgusted.
If a person found a partner, he is happy as a result.
If a person explains theory to others, he makes PersonY understand as a result.
If a person registers at the training course, he gains skills as a result.
If a person goes to a beauty salon, he will feel pampered.
If a person agrees to help a friend, he will feel good.
If a person gets a lot of paper work done, he will feel accomplished.
If a person fears that he will be hit, he wants to avoid getting hit.
If a person procrastinates over helping others, he fails to help PersonY as a result.
A person orders the food in order to have a good meal.
If a person listens to her father, he wants to do what her father says.
If a person puts to a use, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets to spend quality time with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person is in distress, he wants to be comforted.
If a person joins her kids on a bike ride, he will feel energetic.
If a person suffers from a setback, he wants to feel better.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he wants to do something about it.
If a person finally went to bed, he will feel rested.
If a person has an embarrassing moment, he will feel ashamed.
If a person has won the match, he is happy as a result.
If a person's air conditioning unit breaks down, he wants to replace the unit.
A person prepares for another trip in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person keeps doing things, he will feel busy.
A person informs others of what he is doing in order to keep PersonY in the loop.
If a person finds some sort of work, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a mate, he will feel loved.
If a person receives good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns not to fight, he is more peaceful as a result.
If a person has money worries, he will feel anxious.
If a person looks for new jobs, he wants to be more productive.
If a person has a better life, he will feel happy.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel victorious.
A person makes an inquiry of others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person is qualified for the job, he will feel confident.
If a person doesn't know what to do with, he will feel lost.
If a person thanks others for great time, he will feel happy.
If a person is practicing piano, he gets better at piano as a result.
If a person and others go out for drinks, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person helps with the dinner, he will feel useful.
If a person says yes to the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person commits herself to a good cause, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person questions her perceptions, he wants to be sure of her perceptions.
A person re-reads a letter in order to understand the letter.
If a person looks up a disease, he knows more about the disease as a result.
If a person convinces others to come home, he will feel victorious.
A person makes a point of working regularly in order to be a good employee.
If a person gains a romantic partner, he will feel happy.
If a person dances to the fast beat, he has a good time as a result.
If a person rests for a while, he will feel refreshed.
If a person attempts to resolve a conflict, he resolves the conflict as a result.
If a person wants to make things right, he makes things right as a result.
If a person tells about different, he is seen as a good storyteller.
If a person opens up his mind, he will feel free.
If a person gets a pedicure, he is pleased with her feet as a result.
If a person swims in the water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person helps others with household chores, he is seen as considerate.
A person thinks about taking a trip in order to see the world.
If a person shows fear of being late, he wants to be on time.
If a person tells others that they had fun together, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads an informative paper, he will feel enlightened.
If a person gets help from his mother, he will feel supported.
If a person listens with interest, he wants to learn more.
If a person has a successful transaction, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person has a great sense of humor, he makes people laugh as a result.
If a person says what he means, he will feel honest.
If a person reads a biography, he will feel informed.
If a person continues to have a good life, he will feel content.
If a person is staying in the area, he will feel comfortable.
A person continues to work hard in order to succeed.
If a person is a victim of an accident, he is in hospital as a result.
If a person is conflicted, he will feel guilty.
If a person beats others's opponent, he will feel triumphant.
If a person thinks about how to get rid of person Y, he tells person Y to leave as a result.
If a person decides to dance, he will feel excited.
If a person gets back his car, he will feel pleased.
A person continues alone in order to do things on her own.
If a person thanks others for the wine, he will feel pleased.
If a person always says what others wants to hear, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person stands up for his rights, he will feel empowered.
If a person wins at tennis, he will feel happy.
If a person completes an assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes respected, he will feel happy.
If a person practices a lot to get better, he will feel motivated.
If a person stays in charge, he will feel strong.
If a person visits his cousins, he gets to know his cousins as a result.
If a person and others like each other, he will feel happy.
A person tries to apply for a job in order to be successful.
A person walks across the hallway in order to see what is on the other side.
If a person lifts the lid off the box, he wants to see what's inside.
A person works with others’s research in order to help PersonY.
If a person ponders on what to do, he will feel indecisive.
If a person has the facts, he will feel confident.
If a person feels sick and stays home, he will feel miserable.
If a person has a brief rest, he is refreshed as a result.
A person thinks about studying Spanish in order to learn a new language.
If a person has a small fight, he will feel upset.
If a person comes to the party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person watches a beautiful sunset, he will feel happy.
If a person helps out an old friend, he will feel good.
If a person makes good on others’s investment, he will feel pleased.
If a person did a good job, he will feel proud.
If a person rests his head on others's shoulder, he will feel content.
A person is feeding others in order to make sure PersonY is well fed.
If a person shows a friendly gesture to others, he will feel nice.
If a person dresses up for the party, he will feel excited.
A person observes other people in order to learn about other people.
If a person steals the show, he is praised by the audience as a result.
If a person sets out for a journey, he will feel motivated.
A person searches the Internet in order to be more informed.
A person plans her next step in order to achieve her goal.
If a person learns a martial art, he is good at martial arts as a result.
If a person got an idea, he wants to do something about it.
If a person continues the task, he wants to get it done.
If a person goes to help someone, he wants to help others.
A person writes down notes about others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person spends hours looking for her parents, he wants to see her parents.
If a person plays a tune, he will feel entertained.
If a person is successful in doing something, he will feel pleased.
If a person is ill for months, he will feel in pain.
If a person has an emotional reaction, he will feel angry.
If a person decides to get help, he gets better as a result.
If a person is able to stay focused, he will feel confident.
If a person makes plans to visit his family, he will feel excited.
If a person injures himself, he will feel in pain.
If a person is elected head of the committee, he will feel powerful.
A person goes down to the van in order to check on the van.
If a person's battery dies, he wants to replace the battery.
If a person stumbles into misfortune, he will feel unhappy.
If a person is too exhausted, he wants to sleep.
If a person loses his composure, he will feel angry.
If a person begins eating dinner, he is full as a result.
If a person buys the dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person gets confused about a team member, he wants to understand the situation.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he wants to pursue the opportunity.
If a person regrets having invited others, he wants to not invite PersonY.
If a person aims at the goal, he will feel confident.
If a person has a new thing, he will feel happy.
A person buys a phone in order to communicate with the outside world.
If a person receives a big delivery, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a heavy day, he will feel tired.
A person downloads others's campaign literature in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person goes to the store for others, he buys food for PersonY as a result.
If a person jogs for exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person is thrown into a car, he is hurt as a result.
A person knows he must go home in order to be with his family.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he will feel content.
If a person decides to do some volunteer work, he will feel helpful.
If a person is growing suspicious, he wants to be sure.
If a person tries to explain some things, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person goes to a musical concert, he will feel happy.
If a person asks personY for help, he gets help from personY as a result.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to keep investigating.
If a person visits the health food store, he eats healthy as a result.
If a person sees her country in turmoil, he will feel worried.
If a person learns something useful, he will feel happy.
If a person spends time with family, he feels closer to his family as a result.
If a person plants a vegetable garden, he gets fresh vegetables as a result.
A person begins to play the piano in order to practice.
If a person and others go to a fancy restaurant, he and PersonY enjoy the meal as a result.
If a person eats the breakfast, he will feel full.
A person lives by herself in order to be independent.
A person practices talking in order to be more confident.
If a person is working for civil rights, he will feel committed.
If a person listens to his favourite music, he will feel happy.
If a person comes forward, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person’s father gives him a present, he will feel pleased.
If a person considers others a good friend, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person treats others as a guest in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person hates animal abuse, he wants to help the animals.
If a person gets released from prison, he will feel relieved.
If a person is a successful surgeon, he will feel confident.
If a person works hard for the boss, he will feel pleased.
If a person plays a game on his phone, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds out the right way, he will feel good.
A person makes her own schedule in order to be independent.
If a person enjoys others's work, he will feel excited.
If a person starts to feel sorry, he wants to feel better.
If a person realizes he has made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person convinces others to take a job, he will feel confident.
If a person has a very good life, he will feel satisfied.
A person eats some of the feast in order to taste the food.
If a person follows social rules, he is seen as a good citizen.
If a person earns a compliment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person spends the afternoon in the park, he has a pleasant afternoon as a result.
A person moved back in with his mom in order to be close to his mom.
If a person respects others's wish, he does not get angry as a result.
If a person is having doubts, he wants to be sure.
If a person hears a horror story, he will feel terrified.
A person stays in class in order to do well in school.
If a person throws a birthday party for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person joins a non-violent movement, he will feel peaceful.
If a person promises to be nice, he is polite as a result.
If a person is successful in an event, he will feel happy.
A person explores the territory in order to find new things.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to see more as a result.
If a person’s favorite TV show comes on, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new bike, he will feel satisfied.
If a person mends it, he will feel good.
A person speaks with someone about others's behavior in order to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person has found a job, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to focus on one thing, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets her to tell the truth, he will feel satisfied.
If a person explains the problems, he is seen as knowledgeable.
A person learns to skate in order to be a better skater.
If a person comes to an agreement, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes too sick to travel, he remains in the hospital as a result.
If a person seems well informed, he will feel competent.
If a person's existence is threatened, he will feel scared.
If a person uses persuasive tactics, he wants to persuade others.
If a person spends time with relatives, he becomes closer to his family as a result.
If a person had been reading up on the subject, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person takes others to restaurant in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person got into an accident, he is injured as a result.
A person packs for a day at the beach in order to relax.
If a person actually returns home, he wants to see his family.
A person continues along the road in order to continue his journey.
If a person gets something and is immediately unsatisfied, he will feel angry.
If a person and others go to the movie theater, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts practicing, he wants to perform.
A person takes a stroll in order to be outdoors.
If a person is working hard on the problem, he wants to finish the problem.
If a person and others come together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person has a nice family, he will feel secure.
If a person and others play on the swings, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person samples some water in order to know what is in the water.
A person asks a question to others in order to know the answer.
If a person gets therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person takes much-needed break, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is a devout follower of Jesus, he wants to live a life of holiness.
A person takes a weapon in order to protect himself.
If a person and others reestablish their relationship, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person looks at the bright side, he will feel content.
A person trains at the gym in order to be fit.
A person tries to write a list of rules in order to have a clear set of rules.
A person reads up about it in order to know more about the event.
A person shows others around the city in order to help PersonY.
If a person reads from a big book, he will feel entertained.
A person gets interested in others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person develops an interest in stocks, he wants to invest in stocks.
A person leaves town for a while in order to take a break.
If a person becomes mature, he is more responsible as a result.
If a person shops for new clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person is a successful painter, he has many paintings as a result.
If a person begins looking for, he will feel eager.
If a person keeps the conversation going, he wants to talk to the person he's talking to.
If a person rakes in the profits, he is pleased as a result.
If a person takes a course in typing, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to treat people fairly, he is seen as honest.
A person gets ready for the next game in order to win the next game.
A person takes others out on the town in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person chills out at home, he becomes more relaxed as a result.
If a person develops a reputation, he will feel powerful.
If a person deals with murder, he solves the murder as a result.
If a person is eventually elected the Speaker of the House, he will feel powerful.
A person says something to the audience in order to communicate with the audience.
If a person is caught in a dilemma, he will feel frustrated.
A person was waiting for others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person assumes he is right, he will feel confident.
If a person has her priorities straight, he will feel content.
If a person reaches the prime of his career, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discusses an illness, he learns more about the illness as a result.
If a person finds something more interesting, he will feel pleased.
If a person can sing and dance, he wants to perform.
If a person becomes sick, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person insists on getting a better deal, he gets a better deal as a result.
If a person has trouble in a test, he will feel upset.
If a person witnesses something terrible, he is affected by the event as a result.
If a person is fuming with anger, he wants to explode.
If a person works out hard, he will feel strong.
If a person leads an adventurous life, he learns to live life to the fullest as a result.
If a person feels unhappy with his job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person gets a chance to prove his mettle, he will feel strong.
If a person stands by his belief, he will feel confident.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he will feel tense.
If a person stops at the movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person went to the aid of others, he will feel helpful.
If a person asks others's opinion, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person gets so angry, he wants to yell.
If a person makes it happen, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees someone suspicious, he wants to report the incident.
A person tries out a new sport in order to be more active.
If a person finds an error in the plans, he wants to fix the error.
If a person and others have a go at each other, he will feel angry.
If a person looks at rocks, he will feel curious.
If a person acquires a skill, he will feel accomplished.
A person joins a rally in order to show support for the rally.
If a person becomes a successful writer, he will feel happy.
If a person attends church, he will feel holy.
A person kept others’s house clean in order to help PersonY.
If a person joins an exercise class, he wants to be in shape.
If a person sees the movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person takes a week long vacation, he will feel refreshed.
A person works hard on weekends in order to make money.
If a person has a successful meeting, he will feel happy.
If a person states his objectives, he will feel motivated.
If a person is sick and tired of this whole thing, he wants to quit.
If a person dresses with gusto, he looks cool as a result.
A person supports others’s education in order to see PersonY succeed.
A person keeps trying in order to make a difference.
If a person lies down on the sofa, he will feel comfortable.
A person puts on a shirt in order to be presentable.
A person raises the standard of living in order to provide for his family.
A person takes his family out to dinner in order to spend time with his family.
If a person is dressed up, he will feel elegant.
If a person finally finds work, he will feel relieved.
A person reads lots of books in order to learn.
If a person works out every day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person leaves to go play with the ball, he has fun as a result.
A person continues moving forward in order to continue with his life.
If a person starts taking art classes, he is better at art as a result.
If a person stops at a restaurant, he has a meal as a result.
If a person suspects that others stole a football, he wants to prove that PersonY stole the football.
If a person's grandmother is hospitalized, he is concerned as a result.
If a person begins to feel left out, he wants to be included.
If a person is touched by others, he will feel happy.
A person takes care of an aging parent in order to help his parent.
If a person tests it, he wants to see if it works.
If a person arrives to the party, he meets some friends as a result.
If a person goes the right way, he will feel good.
If a person decided to return something, he will feel pleased.
If a person has discovered the culprit, he is pleased with the outcome as a result.
If a person investigates the situation, he learns more about the situation as a result.
A person visits a physician in order to make sure that he is healthy.
If a person wears his nice clothes, he will feel comfortable.
A person studies hard for a test in order to do well on the test.
If a person gets a good grade on the test, he will feel pleased.
If a person is not coping, he seeks help as a result.
If a person takes over the class, he will feel powerful.
If a person takes his shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person sets off for others’s office in order to meet PersonY.
If a person enjoys exercise, he will feel energized.
If a person is helped by someone, he will feel valued.
If a person becomes irritated, he wants to calm down.
If a person falls over on ice, he is hurt as a result.
A person walks across the field in order to explore the field.
If a person finds some information, he will feel informed.
If a person keeps hearing something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person has a big idea, he will feel excited.
If a person is able to get a job, he will feel confident.
A person reads a piece of paper in order to know what it says.
A person buys a coffee for others in order to help PersonY.
A person tries to bail out in order to be independent.
A person buys a small house for others in order to be able to help PersonY.
A person learns new languages in order to improve her knowledge.
If a person has been blessed, he is happy as a result.
If a person checks in on a neighbor, he wants to make sure everything is okay.
A person asks the question in order to understand the answer.
If a person is a good cook, he will feel satisfied.
If a person resolves the issue, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person attends a computer class, he wants to learn how to use a computer.
If a person has a wreck, he is upset as a result.
If a person has high hopes for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person regrets what he did to others, he apologizes to PersonY as a result.
If a person always does homework, he is a good student as a result.
If a person gets a drink from the public water fountain, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he will feel good.
If a person starts a new friendship, he wants to keep in touch.
A person participates in family traditions in order to honor his family.
A person chooses the right words in order to be able to communicate clearly.
If a person notices someone acting unusually, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person got a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person has a wash, he will feel clean.
A person drinks a cup of water in order to be hydrated.
A person works hard on the project in order to be successful.
If a person considers others's views, he wants to respect PersonY's views.
If a person has to make a decision, he wants to make the right decision.
If a person's life goes horribly wrong, he will feel devastated.
If a person puts on coat and hat, he will feel warm.
A person drags others to an amusement park in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person undergoes training, he wants to get stronger.
If a person has plans for tomorrow, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys an early dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person is able to listen, he is able to understand as a result.
A person speaks to a colleague in order to have a conversation.
If a person maintains a good record, he will feel confident.
If a person receives support, he will feel hopeful.
If a person accepts it with courage, he will feel strong.
If a person forms a pact, he wants to keep the pact.
If a person is willing to learn, he will feel eager.
A person organizes a community event in order to make the community better.
If a person thinks they might try it, he will feel hopeful.
A person goes back to visit others in order to help PersonY.
If a person identifies problems, he fixes the problems as a result.
A person has a talk with someone in order to tell someone something.
If a person is successful at work, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a scientific approach, he will feel intelligent.
If a person makes a vow, he will feel serious.
If a person gets everything she wants, he will feel happy.
If a person is informed that he has nothing to worry about, he will feel confident.
If a person is overcome with grief, he is inconsolable as a result.
A person pays for child's tuition in order to help the child.
If a person finally gets help, he wants to get better.
If a person is haunted by a recurring nightmare, he will feel scared.
If a person goes ice skating with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person worries over rumors, he wants to make sure they are false.
A person provides a good example in order to help others.
If a person dresses as a lady, he will feel sexy.
If a person has a good relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person admires others's philosophy, he will feel inspired.
If a person is going on a shopping spree, he buys lots of things as a result.
If a person searches the Web, he finds information as a result.
If a person trains every day, he is fit as a result.
If a person appreciates, he will feel content.
If a person takes on his own responsibilities, he wants to be a responsible adult.
If a person argues with a woman, he will feel angry.
A person tries to stay on course in order to be successful.
If a person becomes a business owner, he will feel successful.
A person gets out of the project in order to be free.
If a person counts his many blessings, he is happy as a result.
If a person welcomes the challenge, he wants to try new things.
A person observes people in order to learn about people.
If a person has done the job, he is seen as reliable.
A person found a new job in order to make money.
If a person has an exciting experience, he is happy as a result.
A person volunteers to take a position in order to be of service.
If a person sets out for work, he will feel determined.
If a person works out in the backyard, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets to experience a simple life, he will feel peaceful.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he will feel upset.
If a person starts work on his novel, he will feel motivated.
If a person continues studying, he will feel motivated.
If a person begins to write, he will feel creative.
A person takes in every detail in order to learn as much as possible.
If a person learns about statistics, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person is better off, he is happier as a result.
If a person thinks a little, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person invests in a new enterprise, he wants to make more money.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person is worried about an illness, he wants to go to the doctor.
A person arrives at her new home in order to start a new life.
A person visits others in the morning in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person and others come to agreement, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person's team wins the championship, he is proud of his team as a result.
If a person signs up for school, he will feel excited.
If a person discusses the cause, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person experiences true love, he is happy as a result.
If a person volunteers for a charity, he will feel good.
If a person sits down in the shade, he will feel cool.
If a person takes the letter out of the mailbox, he wants to read the letter.
If a person is learning a foreign language, he wants to speak the language.
If a person takes the upper hand, he is more confident as a result.
If a person spends money wisely, he will feel satisfied.
If a person jumps into the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person drinks half a glass of wine, he will feel refreshed.
If a person picks up the diary, he wants to find out what's in the diary.
If a person rekindles the relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person starts to value others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
A person prepares for his test in order to do well on his test.
If a person makes good use of his time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suspects something is wrong, he wants to investigate.
If a person has an excellent time, he will feel excited.
If a person finally masters the art, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has an encouraging word for others, he helps PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person attends church service, he will feel spiritual.
If a person prepares a nice surprise, he will feel happy.
If a person discovered a possible mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person knows something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
A person eats his meal in order to feel full.
A person tries to end the fight in order to avoid violence.
If a person has a huge bed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person thinks of new possibilities, he wants to try new things.
If a person knows someone who is in the hospital, he is worried about the person as a result.
If a person explains the reasons, he wants to be understood.
If a person begins to fly, he gains confidence as a result.
A person calms down others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person is truly sorry, he wants to make amends.
If a person considers taking legal action, he wants to get a lawyer.
If a person has achieved a lot, he is happy as a result.
A person gets ready to perform in order to be ready for the performance.
If a person struts his stuff, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to live with it, he will feel relaxed.
If a person will probably have a good reputation, he will feel respected.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he will feel happy.
A person gets his act together in order to be a responsible adult.
If a person puts on a nice suit, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person gets a meal, he will feel happy.
If a person corrects the mistake, he will feel satisfied.
A person always gets on with the job in order to do a good job.
If a person seeks knowledge, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person continues to learn, he becomes a better learner as a result.
If a person hangs out with a classmate, he learns to make friends as a result.
If a person is enjoying life now, he wants to keep living.
If a person performs an embarrassing move, he will feel ashamed.
A person looks for advice in order to be well informed.
If a person eats and drinks, he will feel full.
If a person attends a theatrical play, he is entertained as a result.
If a person buys others a treat, he will feel pleased.
A person joins a rally in order to show her support for the rally.
A person considers going out in order to have fun.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he feels calm as a result.
If a person writes letters for his mother, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person climbs into bed, he falls asleep as a result.
A person sets off on a journey in order to explore the world.
If a person participates in the arts, he will feel happy.
If a person continues to play, he will feel motivated.
A person wishes to study abroad in order to learn more about the world.
If a person spends his money on drink, he gets drunk as a result.
A person calls her husband in order to hear her husband's voice.
If a person and others enjoys one another's company, he will feel content.
A person stops to look at a sunset in order to enjoy the moment.
If a person has completed a course, he has learned a new skill as a result.
If a person tries to learn sign language, he is able to communicate as a result.
If a person is angry at the baby's crying, he wants to make the baby stop crying.
If a person seeks time with God, he will feel connected.
If a person is troubled by his past, he will feel sad.
If a person plays with little Jan and Bill, he learns to play with others as a result.
A person reaches for a drink in order to feel refreshed.
A person works on himself in order to be better.
If a person consults a chiropractor, he wants to get healthy.
A person travels to others's side in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person turns up his music, he will feel excited.
If a person agrees to do homework, he completes the assignment as a result.
If a person and others gain wealth, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person sees something is not right, he takes action as a result.
If a person learns to treat people fairly, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks over the facts, he learns the material as a result.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person and others get along with each other, he will feel content.
If a person moves toward his destiny, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is threatened with prosecution, he will feel frightened.
If a person is bothered by a false rumor, he wants to clear up the rumor.
If a person becomes an upstanding member of society, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person has a great vacation, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person participated in the mass demonstration in order to be a part of the movement.
If a person can handle things for himself, he is more independent as a result.
If a person realizes a good idea, he will feel happy.
If a person gets in touch with their family, he feels closer to their family as a result.
If a person solves the clue, he will feel victorious.
If a person volunteers for community service, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets beat up by others, he is bruised as a result.
If a person receives a big delivery, he is pleased with the delivery as a result.
If a person meets a reporter, he is interviewed as a result.
If a person gets new ideas, he becomes more creative as a result.
If a person buys property, he is pleased with the property as a result.
A person hides in a bush in order to avoid being seen.
If a person finally lives his dream, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person considers a new perspective, he learns to think outside the box as a result.
If a person is not happy with the system, he wants to fix the system.
If a person gets a lot of work done, he is seen as responsible.
If a person goes to swim class, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person reads the news, he will feel informed.
A person prepares a lecture in order to teach his students.
A person helps out a lot in order to be a good friend.
If a person develops a feel for the game, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to find evidence, he wants to find the truth.
A person works with other people in order to help other people.
A person talks to the stalker in order to know what the stalker wants.
A person organizes others's activities in order to help PersonY.
If a person practices arts and crafts, he will feel creative.
If a person applies for a position, he will feel hopeful.
If a person has a heavy day, he will feel sad.
If a person gets a new sweater, he will feel warm.
If a person reads this text, he understands the text as a result.
A person prepares others for a big day in order to make PersonY happy.
A person decides to do something else in order to be different.
A person and others discuss others's purpose in order to know what PersonY's purpose is.
If a person decides to pray, he will feel peaceful.
A person meets with his family in order to get to know his family.
If a person learns how to live, he has a good life as a result.
If a person's mind wanders, he will feel confused.
A person has dinner with the family in order to spend time with his family.
If a person drinks some of the water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person regains control, he will feel victorious.
If a person’s attitude to something has changed, he wants to do something different.
If a person wears beautiful clothes, he will feel elegant.
If a person makes a hit movie, he will feel confident.
If a person has a successful business, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps up-to-date on the news, he is seen as well-informed.
If a person buys a music record, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a success, he is promoted as a result.
If a person tries to learn about others, he will feel interested.
If a person and others spend the evening together, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person gets a personal massage, he will feel relaxed.
If a person solves the conundrum, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others carry on talking, he and PersonY have a good conversation as a result.
If a person decides to study the data, he learns the results as a result.
If a person enrolls in a course, he will feel motivated.
If a person slays the dragon, he will feel accomplished.
If a person brushes his teeth before going to bed, he wakes up with a clean mouth as a result.
If a person chooses a great place to visit, he will feel content.
If a person spends on something nice, he will feel pleased.
If a person wins at golf, he will feel pleased.
If a person knows something's wrong, he will feel concerned.
If a person invents a brilliant solution, he will feel pleased.
A person is visiting his cousin in order to spend time with his cousin.
If a person follows the proper procedure, he will feel confident.
If a person deals with others's fear, he helps PersonY to overcome his fear as a result.
If a person receives a facelift, he looks younger as a result.
If a person is bothered by a criticism, he wants to defend himself.
If a person gives the best example, he will feel confident.
If a person succeeds at something, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks about the map, he wants to look at the map.
If a person has a bad feeling, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets in an argument, he will feel upset.
If a person maintains a clean desk, he will feel organized.
A person runs for the telephone in order to be connected to the outside world.
If a person is wondering, he wants to find out.
If a person accepts an explanation, he is not angry as a result.
If a person regrets his decisions, he wants to make better decisions.
If a person performs in-depth research, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person enjoys the silence, he will feel relaxed.
A person sends email to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person gets his case, he is happy as a result.
If a person experiences prosperity, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to begin martial arts training, he gets into shape as a result.
A person persuades others to drink water in order to keep PersonY healthy.
A person tests his reflexes in order to improve his reflexes.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel pleased.
If a person identifies problems, he wants to fix the problems.
If a person arrives at the hospital, he wants to be treated.
If a person knows something is wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person buys some goods, he will feel pleased.
If a person lives a full life, he will feel content.
If a person walks the dog alone, he will feel independent.
If a person enjoys a lovely walk, he will feel peaceful.
If a person attends church services, he feels a connection to God as a result.
If a person makes a home improvement, he will feel pleased.
If a person analyzes the data, he has a better understanding of the data as a result.
A person prepares others for a big day in order to help PersonY succeed.
A person picks up the glass and walks to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person buys the computer, he is pleased with the computer as a result.
If a person becomes more concerned, he wants to know more.
A person joins the protest in order to be a part of the movement.
If a person appreciates the taste of others's offering, he will feel content.
If a person works to accomplish a goal, he wants to be a success.
If a person dressed up for a party, he looks great as a result.
If a person is listening to a live program, he is entertained as a result.
If a person gets used to his situation, he will feel secure.
If a person learns how to ride a bike, he becomes a better cyclist as a result.
If a person adopts a cause, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys new items, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is reading the newspaper, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person begins making the cake, he will feel creative.
If a person is in an auto accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person dresses smartly, he will feel elegant.
If a person gets used to this life, he will feel content.
If a person regrets killing someone, he wants to apologize.
If a person made use of a special opportunity, he will feel pleased.
If a person manages to win, he will feel happy.
If a person reflects on past events, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person gets paid well, he will feel happy.
A person works hard on a project in order to be the best.
If a person is looking for new writing methods, he wants to be a better writer.
If a person readies for the big fight, he wants to win.
If a person buys tickets to the musical, he is excited about the musical as a result.
If a person calls his own attention to it, he will feel alert.
If a person realizes mistake, he wants to fix mistake.
If a person became ill, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person encounters a big problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person puts his clothes on in order to look presentable.
If a person works on the garden, he has a nice garden as a result.
If a person experiences a great offer, he will feel satisfied.
A person stays with family in order to be close to his family.
If a person is quite capable of reasoning, he is confident as a result.
If a person raises support, he will feel encouraged.
If a person drinks others's delicious tea, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets injured in the leg, he is in pain as a result.
A person sings quietly in order to sing without being disturbed.
If a person gets along very well with others, he will feel close.
If a person makes an achievement, he will feel happy.
If a person eats her dinner, he will feel full.
If a person makes lists, he will feel organized.
If a person went to the seaside, he will feel happy.
If a person works extra hard, he wants to be the best.
If a person begins cleaning, he gets more organized as a result.
A person speaks with her mother in order to understand her mother.
If a person begins a 2-week holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person and others enjoyed their honeymoon, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has returned to normal, he will feel content.
If a person wrote a thesis, he wants to publish his thesis.
A person and others plan a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person needs to get home in order to be with his family.
If a person drinks two beers, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person reads the textbook, he understands the material as a result.
A person reads a passage of Scripture in order to understand the Bible.
A person gets up to look at the clock in order to know what time it is.
If a person and others work, he will feel productive.
A person makes it to the airport in order to be able to leave.
A person meets others's needs in order to make PersonY happy.
A person meets with others’s father in order to talk to PersonY’s father.
If a person decides to start a new life, he will feel hopeful.
If a person likes to bake, he wants to bake more.
If a person looks back at his childhood, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person arranges the outcome, he will feel in control.
If a person will have a plan, he will feel confident.
If a person eats well, he will feel healthy.
If a person decides to do homework, he will feel productive.
If a person performs before a large audience, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person does a dance, he will feel joyful.
A person is working on a project for others in order to help PersonY.
A person moves out of the neighborhood in order to live on her own.
A person insists on speaking to person Y in order to get to know person Y.
If a person is threatened by personY, he will feel fearful.
If a person takes others out to a fancy dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person respects the will of others, he wants to follow PersonY's will.
A person begins to look back in order to understand the past.
If a person gets new ideas, he wants to try new things.
A person asks a colleague's opinion in order to be able to answer a question.
If a person looks for new activities, he becomes more active as a result.
If a person sets an example for others, he is respected by others as a result.
If a person gives a talk at the local school, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person meets with Persons Z, X and Y, he learns about Persons Z, X and Y as a result.
If a person uses his senses, he will feel in tune.
If a person is interesting, he is noticed as a result.
If a person obtains some money, he will feel pleased.
If a person prepares to search, he will feel determined.
If a person finds out that others is in need, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person started hanging out with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person provides a present for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person get confused, he wants to understand.
If a person worries about others's health, he wants to help PersonY.
A person is being nice to others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person practices to the extreme in order to be perfect.
If a person organizes the trip, he will feel in charge.
If a person finishes the fight, he will feel accomplished.
If a person reads others’s new book, he is interested in PersonY’s new book as a result.
If a person accepts a marriage proposal, he will feel happy.
A person has to talk to others about it in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person pays attention in class, he will feel intelligent.
If a person eats a very tasty dinner, he will feel full.
If a person has a picnic in the park, he will feel content.
A person continues her education in order to learn more.
A person takes others out of the house in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person wants to keep working, he will feel energetic.
If a person celebrates a night of love with others, he will feel fulfilled.
A person sets up an appointment with others in order to be able to work with PersonY.
If a person notices a small object, he wants to see what it is.
If a person gets back on the bike, he will feel happy.
If a person gets hit by a ball, he is injured as a result.
If a person takes the match, he will feel pleased.
If a person really wants to learn a lot of things, he will feel excited.
If a person makes sure he arrives on time, he will feel confident.
If a person writes to the world, he will feel creative.
A person shares information with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person regrets his own words, he wants to apologize.
A person meets with an attorney in order to resolve a legal matter.
A person wants to learn languages in order to be well rounded.
A person takes pictures of the sunset in order to capture the beauty of the sunset.
A person presents someone with a gift in order to show his appreciation.
If a person notes to self to do something for someone, he will feel compassionate.
If a person realizes others was hiding something, he wants to know what PersonY was hiding.
A person is kind to a small furry animal in order to make the animal happy.
A person attends classes in order to be in school.
If a person reads out of the book, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person and others sit by the river and talk in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has debts, he wants to pay off his debts.
If a person plans a big day, he will feel excited.
A person tried everything in order to be successful.
If a person finds what is desired, he is happy as a result.
A person transfers the money to others in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person takes control of events, he will feel powerful.
A person is in therapy in order to get better.
If a person enjoys the spring breeze, he will feel relaxed.
If a person welcomes the challenge, he wants to learn more.
If a person participates in public protest, he will feel passionate.
If a person comes to an understanding with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person pays attention to the road, he will feel alert.
If a person goes on a week-long holiday, he is happy as a result.
A person joins a golf club in order to improve his golf game.
If a person has to deal with the terrible event, he feels upset as a result.
A person tells their son a story in order to entertain their son.
If a person explains what he or she feels, he is seen as honest.
If a person waits for the other person to finish talking, he doesn’t interrupt as a result.
If a person spends time in prayer, he is more spiritual as a result.
If a person sorts out his life, he will feel happy.
If a person manages not to panic, he feels calm as a result.
If a person discusses a theory, he wants to share his theory.
If a person has an excellent idea, he will feel excited.
If a person wants to know more about him, he gets to know him better as a result.
If a person is sought after by clients, he will feel valued.
If a person goes to the book store, he buys a book as a result.
If a person learns to knit, he becomes a good knitter as a result.
If a person invites personY to lunch, he gets to know personY as a result.
If a person loves to play, he plays a lot as a result.
A person continues to travel alone in order to explore the world.
If a person makes something happen, he will feel empowered.
If a person learns about ethics, he wants to learn more about ethics.
If a person looks into the situation, he learns more about the situation as a result.
A person sets out on a hike in order to enjoy nature.
If a person thinks something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person has a small break, he wants to relax.
A person confronts her tormentor in order to stop the torment.
If a person has made a claim, he wants to get the claim paid.
If a person is threatened by a rival, he will feel nervous.
If a person enters an argument, he will feel upset.
If a person keeps looking for work, he is seen as diligent.
If a person thinks long and hard, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person meets the person, he gets to know the person as a result.
If a person joins the game, he will feel motivated.
If a person speaks with confidence, he will feel in control.
If a person is in a lot of pain, he will feel miserable.
If a person makes plans for the future, he will feel hopeful.
If a person succeeds against odds, he will feel victorious.
If a person signs a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person helps out his friends, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person gains information, he wants to use the information.
A person looks for a brand-new job in order to earn more money.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he will feel delighted.
If a person puts a plan in motion, he will feel determined.
If a person enjoys eating this, he will feel content.
If a person is a successful manipulator, he gets his way as a result.
If a person considers others's argument, he wants to listen to PersonY's argument.
A person fills a bird feeder in order to provide food for the birds.
If a person will look for a place to hide, he finds a hiding place as a result.
If a person continues the search, he wants to find the truth.
If a person takes others on a trip, he has fun with PersonY as a result.
If a person fills out the forms, he will feel productive.
If a person begins working out, he wants to be in better shape.
A person follows the youth in order to understand the youth.
A person arrives at the meeting in order to be a part of the meeting.
If a person accepts others's reply, he will feel understood.
If a person feels very unwell, he will feel miserable.
A person gets out of bed in the morning in order to start the day.
A person states the facts in order to be truthful.
If a person acquires a new car, he wants to drive the car.
If a person accepts a promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels drawn to others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person has been taken seriously, he will feel respected.
If a person does a little dance, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets an impulsive action, he wants to take a more cautious approach.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he will feel excited.
If a person really appreciates seeing a counselor, he will feel relaxed.
If a person buys a new pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person learns to have fun, he will feel delighted.
If a person decides to dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person grows irritated, he wants to calm down.
If a person got what he wanted, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes up the challenge, he will feel determined.
If a person meets others on purpose, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person organizes her schedule, he will feel in control.
A person checks on the dog in order to make sure the dog is okay.
A person waters the flowers in order to keep the flowers alive.
If a person rethinks his or her life, he wants to be a different person.
If a person stands up for others, he will feel strong.
A person works all day long in order to get the job done.
If a person brings down the enemy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person learns to love, he will feel happy.
If a person shops at a fancy store, he will feel elegant.
A person works out on the treadmill in order to stay in shape.
If a person and others have a go at each other, he will feel irritated.
If a person buys a new computer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is concentrating on task, he will feel determined.
If a person appreciates the efforts of others, he wants to thank PersonY.
If a person tries to read for pleasure, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes a mountain trail, he will feel accomplished.
A person provides a positive example for society in order to help people.
If a person is affected by others's actions, he will feel sad.
A person plans to take a walk in order to be alone.
If a person reads books well, he will feel intelligent.
If a person agrees to go on a date, he is happy as a result.
A person turns on the alarm clock in order to wake up early.
If a person considers the case, he will feel curious.
If a person says that they are fortunate, he will feel content.
A person wants to read the instructions in order to learn how to use the product.
If a person finally lands a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person lands on a new job, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys good conversation, he wants to be a good conversationalist.
A person packs up his belongings in order to move out.
If a person gets a new toy, he will feel happy.
If a person wins a second time, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to apply the rubicon to the situation in order to find a solution.
If a person initiates the approach, he wants to talk to the girl.
If a person puts on all his clothes, he will feel ready.
If a person rewrites a play, he will feel creative.
A person tries to work in order to get ahead.
If a person exercises every day, he gets fit as a result.
If a person sees pictures of great art, he will feel impressed.
If a person tries to see the positive side, he is more optimistic as a result.
A person had been trying in order to do well.
If a person makes amends with others, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has new plans for the future, he is more confident as a result.
If a person learns how to play the flute, he gets better at playing the flute as a result.
If a person's back won't heal, he is in pain as a result.
If a person prepares for the party, he will feel excited.
If a person enjoys others’s talking, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets used to the taste, he enjoys the taste as a result.
If a person and others start arguing, he will feel angry.
If a person suffers from a hangover, he will feel miserable.
If a person has no clue what to do, he will feel lost.
If a person ponders her health, he will feel worried.
A person gets out of the apartment in order to be independent.
If a person splashes water on his face, he will feel refreshed.
If a person and others is going to take a trip, he wants to see the world.
If a person says hello to a child, he will feel friendly.
A person was the one to call others in order to keep PersonY in the loop.
If a person spends a pleasant day with others, he will feel calm.
A person prepares her speech in order to give a good speech.
If a person tastes some delicious food, he likes the food as a result.
If a person and others are kind to each other, he will feel good.
If a person studies the economic crisis, he wants to learn more about the economy.
If a person lets his temper get out of control, he wants to control his temper.
A person signs up for therapy in order to be well.
If a person buys new items, he is happy as a result.
If a person feels somebody's gaze, he looks up as a result.
If a person finds fault with others's idea, he wants to change PersonY's idea.
If a person sings a song to a crowd, he gets applause as a result.
If a person attends the children's show, he will feel entertained.
A person checks out the website in order to learn more about the website.
If a person buys a nice frame, he will feel pleased.
If a person experiences an awkward moment, he will feel nervous.
If a person has an encouraging word for others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person lives an ethical life, he will feel good.
If a person gets out of the project, he will feel liberated.
If a person got upset, he wants to calm down.
If a person is getting stressed out, he wants to relax.
If a person gets dressed up, he will feel pretty.
If a person works out in a gym, he will feel happy.
A person starts being quiet again in order to avoid making noise.
A person suggests the book to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person practices singing, he improves her voice as a result.
If a person finishes a drink, he will feel full.
If a person arranges some plants, he has some nice plants as a result.
If a person realizes that she has forgotten the important documents, he wants to find the documents.
If a person wears clean clothes, he will feel well-dressed.
If a person wears a hat and gloves, he will feel warm.
If a person participates in a race, he will feel competitive.
A person decides to take others with them in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person said something to others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person wins another poetry prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person fixes a mistake, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to watch the basketball game, he is able to understand the game as a result.
If a person is going to the store, he is buying groceries as a result.
A person visits his parents in order to be with his family.
If a person reconciles with her mother, he will feel peaceful.
A person leaves her home in order to travel.
If a person puts the blocks together, he will feel competent.
If a person listens to whale music, he develops an ear for whale sounds as a result.
If a person writes a thank-you note, he will feel pleased.
A person turns up at others's door in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has a terrible time, he is miserable as a result.
If a person hangs out at the seaside, he will feel happy.
If a person develops a game plan, he will feel smart.
If a person uses person-to-person communication, he will feel heard.
If a person studies for school, he will feel motivated.
A person should visit others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person puts others out of action, he will feel victorious.
If a person tries to relax, he will feel calm.
If a person achieves a goal, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes up new hobbies, he will feel happy.
If a person gets attacked on the street, he will feel frightened.
If a person tells stories to a group, he is seen as a good storyteller.
If a person and others start fighting, he will feel angry.
If a person plays golf on a lush green course, he has a nice time as a result.
If a person eats more food, he will feel full.
If a person delivers the goods, he will feel competent.
If a person has a good job, he will feel content.
If a person purchases a book, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys an album, he likes the album as a result.
If a person solves a murder, he will feel successful.
If a person has an excellent idea, he wants to do it.
A person helps a person in the office in order to be helpful.
If a person buys a car, he is happy as a result.
If a person is interested in others's toys, he wants to play with PersonY's toys.
A person plays his instrument in order to be able to play his instrument.
If a person worries about something, he wants to do something about it.
If a person weighs the consequences, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person types out the proposal, he will feel productive.
If a person orders some books, he gets some reading done as a result.
If a person reads a piece of literature, he will feel curious.
If a person is told something unsettling, he is upset as a result.
If a person sees a strange noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person regrets buying the ticket, he wants to give the ticket back.
If a person gets a chance to cool off, he will feel relaxed.
A person continues their education in order to learn more.
A person packs up and moves in order to be free.
A person researches at the library in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he is sorry as a result.
A person gets started on work in order to be productive.
If a person joins in the search, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys others's cooking, he will feel happy.
If a person helps out at others's shop, he will feel useful.
A person talks to others on the phone in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person makes out a list in order to get things done.
If a person sorts out documents, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes an interesting walk in order to see something new.
If a person really gets rolling, he will feel in control.
A person fixes the house in order to make the house look nice.
A person washes out the car in order to make sure the car is clean.
If a person fulfills his mission, he will feel victorious.
If a person takes a big bite of the cake, he will feel full.
If a person decides to experiment, he wants to experiment more.
If a person learns from his error, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
If a person learns from the mistakes, he wants to avoid making the same mistakes.
A person puts on some color in order to look nice.
If a person buys a picture, he is pleased with the picture as a result.
If a person wants to learn, he will feel excited.
If a person visits others’s relatives, he learns about PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person has a nice view, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a popular person, he will feel respected.
If a person likes to draw pictures, he will feel inspired.
A person puts on his charm in order to be liked.
A person talks to person he respects in order to improve his relationship with someone.
If a person finds others in need, he wants to help.
If a person listens to others singing, he likes PersonY’s singing as a result.
If a person falls into bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is made to look foolish, he will feel humiliated.
If a person gets a good bargain, he is happy as a result.
If a person stays home and takes a nap, he will feel relaxed.
If a person realizes he does not know others very well, he wants to know PersonY better.
If a person does good deeds, he will feel good.
A person stayed with others for the whole day in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is advised to tell the truth, he tells the truth as a result.
If a person succeeds in bringing people together, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets to see the real thing, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to touch things, he touches a lot of things as a result.
A person prepares the meeting in order to make sure the meeting is a success.
If a person is on his best behavior, he will feel good.
If a person receives very bad news, he is upset as a result.
A person got up in the morning in order to start the day.
If a person creates a long-term plan, he will feel organized.
A person returns to the conversation in order to keep the conversation going.
A person concludes a bargain in order to have a win-win situation.
If a person can put his finger on it, he can solve the problem as a result.
If a person is well thought of, he will feel important.
A person decides to wash in order to feel clean.
If a person appears to be the best, he will feel confident.
A person reads the message in order to find out what the message says.
If a person starts drinking a beer, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person finally gets some rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person produces another good drawing, he will feel proud.
If a person washes his clothes, he will feel clean.
A person learns a second language in order to improve his skills.
If a person finally finds what he's looking for, he will feel pleased.
If a person discovers an article, he reads the article as a result.
If a person buys the latest gadget, he will feel pleased.
A person works on the computer in order to be productive.
If a person carries on with life, he does not become depressed as a result.
A person checks others's schedule in order to know what PersonY is doing.
If a person reports the facts, he will feel objective.
If a person has a great week, he will feel relaxed.
If a person devises a scheme, he wants to see his plan succeed.
If a person worries about meeting his needs, he meets his needs as a result.
If a person is very active and understands everything, he is very smart as a result.
A person goes for a walk with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has a nice coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is having a really bad night, he will feel frustrated.
If a person got into an argument, he is upset as a result.
If a person fears another war, he wants to see peace.
If a person is suspicious of Y, he wants to know more about Y.
If a person finds a book to learn from, he will feel inspired.
If a person values learning, he will feel motivated.
A person talks to Tia in order to have a conversation with Tia.
If a person holds a position, he will feel secure.
If a person regards others as a threat, he wants to take PersonY down as a result.
If a person eventually gets a haircut, he has a nice haircut as a result.
If a person is a hero in the team, he will feel proud.
If a person joins another organization, he wants to be more involved.
If a person reads good books, he will feel intelligent.
If a person buys the boots, he is pleased with the boots as a result.
If a person goes jogging with others, he gets a workout as a result.
If a person hears something disturbing, he gets upset as a result.
If a person gets help from his friends, he will feel cared for.
If a person visits someone related to others, he learns about PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person meets the expectations of others, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
A person asks a person out in order to have a relationship.
If a person lays awake all night, he will feel tired.
If a person collects information on others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person loves his new wife, he has a happy marriage as a result.
If a person is not exactly sure of her whereabouts, he will feel confused.
A person comforts others after a loss in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person works on the home computer, he is more proficient at using the computer as a result.
A person tries another means in order to do something different.
If a person studies a poem, he wants to memorize it.
If a person argues the cause, he will feel motivated.
If a person is in a tight spot, he will feel stressed.
If a person has a big night, he will feel content.
If a person continues working, he will feel busy.
If a person spends time in the kitchen, he learns to cook as a result.
A person goes to choir practice in order to be a part of the choir.
If a person is called to repentance, he wants to avoid sin.
A person moves far away from others in order to be independent.
If a person agrees to the terms, he is satisfied as a result.
A person and others grow close in order to be with PersonY.
A person collects some of them in order to save them.
A person eats a healthful lunch in order to feel good.
A person explores an area in order to see what is around him.
If a person knows how to do something, he will feel confident.
If a person hears noises in the house, he wants to investigate.
If a person has an upset stomach, he wants to go to the bathroom.
A person takes a walk through the park in order to be outdoors.
If a person does something in the interest of Society, he will feel pleased.
If a person does not like the result, he wants to change the situation.
If a person wins others's son over, he will feel triumphant.
If a person begins to find others attractive, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person leaves by foot in order to be independent.
If a person keeps up appearances, he wants to be popular.
If a person uses leverage, he will feel in control.
If a person enjoys others's company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person discusses the situation in order to learn more about the situation.
A person learns new dance steps in order to be better at dancing.
If a person concludes that things will be fine, he will feel calm.
If a person had difficulty making a decision, he will feel indecisive.
If a person has the upper hand, he will feel in control.
If a person gets organized, he will feel productive.
A person poses a question about others in order to learn more about PersonY.
A person cuts down on the booze in order to stay sober.
A person looks for a volunteer in order to be able to help.
If a person can not believe the results, he gets upset as a result.
If a person finishes reading the book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person pays attention to something, he will feel motivated.
If a person is successful in an event, he will feel pleased.
If a person convinces others to change his mind, he will feel pleased.
If a person succeeds in doing others's work, he is seen as diligent.
A person stops by my house in order to see me.
If a person buys others a new house, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a group to support his recovery, he will feel encouraged.
If a person produces results, he will feel accomplished.
If a person forms a plan, he wants to succeed.
If a person receives a bouquet of flowers, he will feel delighted.
If a person wears heavy makeup, he will feel pretty.
If a person trains in martial arts, he will feel motivated.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he will feel full.
A person takes a bicycle ride in order to get exercise.
If a person watches a few movies, he learns to enjoy movies as a result.
If a person plays and laughs with others, he feels happy as a result.
A person had a few words with others in order to tell PersonY something.
A person is very sweet to others in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person finishes his studies, he will feel accomplished.
If a person works as hard as others, he will feel motivated.
If a person is unfamiliar with the procedure, he will feel unsure.
If a person is alone again, he is lonely as a result.
If a person places an order for an iPad, he is pleased with the iPad as a result.
A person wants to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person finishes his homework early, he will feel satisfied.
If a person deals with an unexpected illness, he will feel worried.
If a person brings others to his house, he makes PersonY feel at home as a result.
If a person overworks himself, he will feel exhausted.
If a person practices listening, he is a better listener as a result.
If a person is happy with what they're doing, he wants to continue.
If a person practices another instrument, he will feel motivated.
If a person is astounded by it, he wants to find out more.
A person posts a message on the message board in order to communicate with other people.
If a person starts to feel guilty, he wants to apologize.
If a person investigates the crime, he wants to solve the crime.
If a person is wearing a new outfit, he will feel fashionable.
A person gets back on the bike in order to be active.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he will feel scared.
If a person looks for a movie to watch, he finds a good movie as a result.
If a person decides to take a vacation, he will feel content.
A person wants to take a new job in order to earn more money.
A person contributes to the public in order to be a good citizen.
A person prepares to begin a journey in order to see the world.
If a person is feeling depressed, he wants to feel better.
A person encourages others to continue in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person keeps doing many things, he will feel busy.
If a person does not give up easily, he wants to get the job done.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he will feel content.
If a person attends a new conference, he learns new information as a result.
If a person succeeds in bringing people together, he is appreciated as a result.
If a person challenges himself, he wants to be the best.
A person tries to keep order in order to make sure everyone is doing their job.
If a person engages in sex, he will feel excited.
A person goes to work in the morning in order to earn money.
If a person asks for more details, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is unsatisfied with his job, he wants to work in a better job.
If a person remodels her apartment, he wants to live in a nicer place.
If a person calls in the troops, he will feel in charge.
If a person shows an interest in the matter, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person dresses in fashionable clothes, he is considered to be stylish as a result.
A person speaks of personal growth in order to become a better person.
If a person starts to improve, he will feel hopeful.
If a person lands a great job, he will feel happy.
If a person has the thought that others is right, he wants to believe PersonY.
If a person shakes the hand of others, he will feel friendly.
If a person grows closer to God, he wants to spend more time with God.
If a person starts doing yoga, he will feel relaxed.
A person calls to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person shares music with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person does some self-searching, he is more aware of his feelings as a result.
If a person cuts back on expenses, he will feel frugal.
If a person regrets their actions, he wants to change their behavior.
If a person becomes a champion of the poor, he is admired by the poor as a result.
A person plays nice with others in order to be liked.
A person studies the piano in order to improve her piano skills.
If a person sets off to travel the world, he gains experience as a result.
If a person goes into the computer, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person is involved in the group’s conversation, he is listened to as a result.
If a person makes a good case, he will feel successful.
If a person works on a specific task, he is seen as diligent.
A person picks up the children in order to spend time with the children.
If a person applies to university, he will feel hopeful.
If a person finds something odd, he wants to figure out what it is.
A person takes on all responsibility in order to make sure that everything is done.
If a person plays tennis with children, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person has to think about this issue, he will feel concerned.
A person studies the piano in order to improve her skills.
A person is at the market in order to buy food.
If a person needs to answer, he wants to be right.
If a person dresses for an evening out, he looks good as a result.
If a person makes up a shopping list, he buys the items on the list as a result.
If a person shows interest in others's success, he wants to help PersonY.
A person continues her research in order to understand the subject.
If a person is morally alert, he wants to do good.
If a person signs up for Spanish class, he improves his Spanish as a result.
If a person finally gets some rest, he sleeps well as a result.
If a person beats up the competition, he will feel confident.
If a person wonders about others's whereabouts, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person gets into a squabble, he will feel annoyed.
If a person reads up on People Y's Life, he becomes interested in People Y's Life as a result.
If a person gets used to new medication, he will feel calm.
If a person explores an area, he will feel interested.
If a person has a terrible experience, he will feel upset.
If a person has an excellent day, he will feel excited.
A person works on his own in order to do things on his own.
If a person made a good impression on others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes the new job, he will feel satisfied.
A person plans his day in order to be organized.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he gets well rested as a result.
If a person lets his defenses down, he will feel relaxed.
If a person seems to be regretting something, he is very upset as a result.
If a person suddenly catches a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person enjoys a book, he wants to read more.
If a person does a good job cooking, he will feel proud.
If a person practices being an astronaut, he will feel motivated.
If a person's troubles continue, he will feel worried.
If a person shows gratitude to others, he will feel happy.
If a person succeeds in finding others, he will feel confident.
If a person makes the most of it, he enjoys the holiday as a result.
If a person is connected to the internet, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person learns to live on her own, he will feel free.
If a person looks at the address, he will feel curious.
If a person and others go to the mountains, he and PersonY enjoy the mountains as a result.
If a person and others learn to communicate, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person feels welcome, he will feel happy.
If a person is involved in an accident, he is injured as a result.
A person buys a self-help book in order to learn how to improve her life.
If a person receives a surprise party, he will feel happy.
If a person does not decide immediately, he will feel unsure.
If a person is better off, he will feel happy.
A person begins to listen to the radio in order to hear music.
If a person examines an object, he wants to understand the object.
If a person is part of a social gathering, he will feel included.
If a person gets to rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person spent the night at a friend's house in order to be with a friend.
If a person has done something good, he will feel proud.
If a person joins a gym, he wants to be fit.
If a person gets kicked by others, he will feel hurt.
If a person has been elected as a committee member, he has more responsibilities as a result.
If a person is putting on makeup, he will feel sexy.
If a person obtains the job, he will feel happy.
If a person breaks out in song, he will feel happy.
If a person gets someone's help, he will feel cared for.
If a person plays with a yo-yo, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns to do something, he gets better at it as a result.
If a person reads in a newspaper, he will feel interested.
If a person is playing games, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to leave the city in order to start a new life.
A person is an active member in order to be part of the community.
If a person indulges in an activity, he will feel happy.
If a person attends school regularly, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person completes the book, he feels accomplished as a result.
A person picks up the paintbrush in order to be creative.
If a person receives others's approval, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others have a feast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is collecting old newspapers, he wants to read them.
If a person is learning the ropes, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns something interesting, he will feel excited.
If a person purchases a home, he is happy as a result.
If a person just gets along with people, he has friends as a result.
If a person ends the year on a high note, he will feel relieved.
If a person agrees to stay, he will feel content.
If a person solves her problem, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes some progress, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a partner, he will feel content.
If a person has a lot of fun, he will feel fulfilled.
A person works diligently in order to do a good job.
If a person grows to maturity, he will feel strong.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets a better job, he will feel pleased.
If a person performs for others, he is seen as talented.
If a person gets along with his neighbor, he will feel comfortable.
If a person begins to like the place, he wants to stay.
If a person joins an activist group, he will feel empowered.
A person takes an interview in order to get a job.
If a person talks to Leah, he gets to know Leah as a result.
If a person prepares a special party, he will feel joyful.
If a person is interviewed by a newspaper, he is seen as interesting.
If a person got into an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person enrolls in classes, he will feel challenged.
A person takes others for a sail in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person feels very deeply about it, he wants to do something about it.
A person prepares a schedule in order to be organized.
A person chats on the phone with others in order to stay in touch with PersonY.
If a person visits a dance club, he has a good time as a result.
If a person studies for hours, he is seen as smart.
If a person eats the rest of his food, he will feel full.
If a person and others play piano, he and PersonY are good at piano as a result.
A person moves out of the apartment in order to live on his own.
If a person begins working, he will feel motivated.
If a person got into a fight, he will feel angry.
If a person knows what will come, he will feel prepared.
If a person trains in a new place, he wants to get better.
If a person succeeds in studying, he will feel happy.
A person is doing his homework in order to be successful.
If a person writes to a travel agent, he is advised to travel as a result.
If a person completes a lesson, he will feel accomplished.
If a person invites friends over, he wants to have fun.
If a person realized he made a big mistake, he wants to apologize.
If a person builds something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person was well taken care of by others, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets the Job, he is happy as a result.
If a person realizes that something is wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person reads numerous books, he will feel curious.
A person goes for a walk in the forest in order to enjoy nature.
A person attends prayer meeting in order to be close to God.
If a person starts to type, he will feel focused.
A person cleans up around the house in order to be tidy.
If a person got a good price for his house, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a heated argument with others, he will feel irritated.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person hears a disturbing rumor, he is upset as a result.
If a person looks it up on wiki, he will feel curious.
If a person learns to accept new ideas, he will feel enlightened.
If a person has a promotion, he will feel pleased.
A person talks to others on the telephone in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person gets a good workout, he is fit as a result.
If a person wants to be polite, he will feel respectful.
A person participates in group work in order to be part of a group.
If a person goes to ballet class, he learns to dance as a result.
If a person finds a solid explanation, he will feel confident.
If a person seeks additional advice, he gets more information as a result.
If a person continues to remain composed, he will feel confident.
If a person helps others prepare a job application, he will feel useful.
A person tells others about her thoughts in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person feels that this is true, he wants to believe it.
If a person gets some payback, he will feel triumphant.
If a person reads the weather forecast, he is prepared for the weather as a result.
If a person confronts the situation, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person enjoys a walk in the woods, he will feel happy.
If a person fights to get the upper hand, he gets the upper hand as a result.
A person gets a chance to go abroad in order to see the world.
If a person works on a project with others, he will feel productive.
If a person promises others a surprise, he will feel excited.
If a person worries about the dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
A person attempts to speak a foreign language in order to be more fluent.
If a person's conscience is beginning to trouble him, he wants to do something about it.
If a person injures his foot, he is in pain as a result.
If a person gets a defense attorney, he will feel protected.
If a person gets a great parking space, he will feel satisfied.
A person shows others her new engagement ring in order to tell PersonY about her engagement.
A person decides to open up in order to share her life with others.
A person talks to Amanda in order to have a conversation with Amanda.
If a person and others got back together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets others out of danger, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others ask each other a question, he and PersonY have a conversation as a result.
If a person gets bashed and bruised, he will feel pain.
If a person gets in a jam, he wants to be out of it.
A person returns to his roots in order to reconnect with his family.
A person goes to visit her parents in order to be close to her family.
A person invites others for a night out in order to have fun with PersonY.
If a person takes part in a get-together, he gets to know people as a result.
A person plans to leave in order to be free.
If a person is alarmed, he wants to calm down.
If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person suddenly gets very interested in his neighbor's life, he wants to talk to his neighbor.
If a person argues with the director, he will feel angry.
If a person is rewarded for something he or she did, he will feel happy.
If a person visits with others's parents, he learns about PersonY's family as a result.
A person walks a lot in order to get some exercise.
If a person dresses up for an evening out, he feels good about herself as a result.
A person is walking along the street in order to go somewhere.
If a person congratulates others on his success, he will feel proud.
A person carries out her obligations in order to do her job well.
If a person reads the newspaper, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person improves his lifestyle, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wants to learn to dance, he wants to go to a dance class.
If a person worries about homework, he will feel tense.
If a person regrets what  did, he wants to fix what PersonX did.
If a person is beaten up by others, he will feel hurt.
If a person considers a new job, he wants to work for a new company.
A person takes a course in typing in order to improve her typing skills.
If a person decides to go for a walk, he will feel content.
If a person is involved in a shoot-out, he is injured as a result.
If a person explains the reasons for his actions, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person has beaten others to the meeting, he will feel superior.
If a person asks a number of questions, he will feel engaged.
If a person mends her ways, he wants to be more kind.
If a person takes up parachuting, he is a skilled parachutist as a result.
If a person performs his duties, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is disappointed with a doctor, he wants to see a different doctor.
A person addresses personY directly in order to communicate with personY.
If a person manages to organize, he will feel successful.
If a person and others sit at the table, he and PersonY talk as a result.
If a person learns new foreign language, he is able to speak the language as a result.
A person continues her study in order to learn more.
If a person and others take a walk together, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person suspects something, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person turns on a TV, he will feel entertained.
A person places a telephone call in order to talk to someone.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he will feel excited.
If a person commits to a new enterprise, he wants to succeed.
A person greets people in order to be friendly.
If a person sets off on a journey, he will feel determined.
If a person helps others to think clearly, he helps PersonY to solve a problem as a result.
If a person finds fault with something, he will feel angry.
If a person argues with someone, he will feel angry.
If a person buys a glass of juice, he will feel refreshed.
A person goes home to visit in order to be with his family.
If a person does something right, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps track of the past, he has a good memory as a result.
If a person begins to calm down, he will feel content.
If a person works on a book, he will feel motivated.
If a person tests his newfound power, he will feel strong.
A person sends the stock broker a message in order to keep the stock broker in the loop.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he is happy as a result.
If a person hums a lullaby, he will feel peaceful.
If a person applies to university, he wants to study hard.
A person visits others and PersonZ in order to spend time with PersonY and PersonZ.
If a person is notified of a new event, he wants to go to the event.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he will feel confident.
If a person follows the orders of others, he will feel obedient.
A person goes off on his own in order to be independent.
If a person fears getting caught, he will feel tense.
If a person and others got married, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys hanging out with others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person begins a singing career, he wants to become a star.
If a person has run out of money, he is broke as a result.
If a person receives the prize, he will feel pleased.
A person researched others's genealogy in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person won a lot of money, he will feel pleased.
If a person has just returned from holiday, he wants to relax.
If a person is given a favorable review, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes sailing with others, he learns to sail as a result.
If a person laughs with someone, he will feel joyful.
If a person has a full and prosperous life, he will feel content.
A person gets some water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person becomes used to it, he will feel content.
If a person gets depressed, he wants to feel better.
If a person and others read comics, he and PersonY are amused as a result.
If a person cares for others's feeling, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person learns from one's mistakes, he learns to make better decisions as a result.
If a person arrives at the opera, he is entertained as a result.
If a person wins a prize at work, he will feel happy.
If a person works out constantly, he will feel energetic.
If a person prepares for the next battle, he will feel determined.
A person did everything he could in order to be the best.
A person reports it to the police in order to help the police.
A person go to the door in order to be able to go out.
If a person learns about the pyramid, he wants to know more about the pyramid.
If a person breaks off from the group, he wants to be alone.
If a person catches a lot of fish, he is seen as resourceful.
If a person is recognized for excellent work, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets into a row, he will feel frustrated.
A person treats the pets well in order to make the pets happy.
If a person and others get into a heated argument, he will feel angry.
If a person gets tickets to the concert, he will feel thrilled.
If a person succeeds in wooing others, he will feel happy.
If a person gets on the computer, he will feel interested.
If a person gets a chance to go abroad, he will feel happy.
If a person complains that the rooms are too small, he wants to get a bigger room.
If a person manages to get the job, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to ask a question in order to know more about the subject.
If a person gets used to the snow, he will feel relaxed.
If a person volunteers to help someone in need, he will feel good.
If a person is wondering about others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person succeeds on his mission, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes over the yard work in order to make the yard look nice.
If a person and others go for a drink, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person talks to a political leader, he learns about politics as a result.
A person accepts the adventure that is presented to him in order to do something new.
If a person writes to the man she loves, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes the man of the house, he gets the house in order as a result.
If a person has fun in a small town, he will feel content.
If a person checks out the properties, he will feel interested.
A person does an experiment in order to test his hypothesis.
If a person reads all of the files, he is informed of the latest information as a result.
If a person defeats others at chess, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is skilled at making his point, he will feel assertive.
A person begins training in his new job in order to be ready for the job.
If a person takes great care with what others says, he wants to please PersonY.
If a person proves that  can do it, he will feel confident.
If a person buys a toy, he is pleased with the toy as a result.
If a person overworks and feels tired, he wants to rest.
If a person knows how to create a holiday atmosphere, he makes the holidays fun as a result.
If a person starts complaining, he will feel frustrated.
If a person has found a new direction, he wants to pursue it.
If a person examines the photograph, he wants to know more about the photograph.
If a person is enjoying a cup of coffee, he is happy as a result.
If a person is frustrated with her life, he wants to change her life.
If a person increases her energy level, he will feel strong.
If a person has a pep talk, he is motivated as a result.
If a person hears a suspicious noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person is tired of the situation, he wants to change the situation.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he enjoys the break as a result.
If a person buys a new place, he will feel excited.
If a person gets into the argument, he will feel angry.
If a person figures out the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person questions others’s actions in order to know the truth.
A person is a good host in order to make his guests feel at home.
If a person tries hard to meet others's standards, he wants to be perfect.
A person works a lot in order to earn money.
If a person learns to rely on himself, he will feel secure.
If a person is dazzled by the possibilities, he is excited about the future as a result.
If a person is able to speak out, he will feel free.
If a person had been honored, he will feel happy.
If a person gets all worked up about it, he will feel frustrated.
If a person experiences uncertainty, he will feel worried.
If a person is engaged to be married, he will feel excited.
If a person likes to practice karate, he wants to get better.
If a person dresses up for the party, he will feel glamorous.
If a person enjoys a delicious meal, he will feel content.
A person checks on the baby in order to make sure the baby is okay.
If a person thinks it is dangerous, he wants to be safe.
If a person has a physical ailment, he receives treatment as a result.
A person is planning a trip in order to see the world.
If a person's life sucks, he will feel depressed.
If a person finds that the relationship is affected, he wants to fix the relationship.
If a person acquires a piece of knowledge, he wants to learn more.
If a person struggles with a decision, he will feel confused.
If a person laughs with friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person is rich in knowledge, he will feel smart.
If a person gets a big break, he will feel elated.
If a person rushes to do laundry, he has clean clothes as a result.
If a person provides a good example, he will feel proud.
A person speaks freely in order to be able to speak his mind.
If a person has a reputation for philanthropy, he is thanked by the community as a result.
A person is walking the dog in order to be outdoors.
If a person volunteers at the homeless shelter, he will feel helpful.
If a person gets to the bottom of it, he has the answer as a result.
If a person enjoys a trip to the shore, he will feel refreshed.
If a person works hard to get it, he will feel determined.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to work through her problems.
If a person is a catalyst for change, he will feel empowered.
If a person gives a purpose to his actions, he wants to do something useful.
If a person takes advantage of a business opportunity, he is able to earn more money as a result.
If a person takes control of a situation, he will feel powerful.
If a person begins her walk, he gets exercise as a result.
A person gives others a lift in order to help PersonY.
If a person clears things up, he will feel confident.
If a person volunteers to do the work, he will feel useful.
If a person has a facelift, he will feel beautiful.
If a person gets pulled in all directions, he will feel distracted.
If a person bows his head in prayer, he feels a sense of peace as a result.
If a person succeeds in finding a job, he will feel pleased.
A person spends a couple of hours at work in order to earn money.
A person prepares dinner in order to make dinner for his family.
If a person reads about the event, he will feel curious.
If a person falls into a pothole, he is hurt as a result.
If a person does not know what to do next, he will feel confused.
If a person owes a debt, he wants to pay the debt.
If a person gets shot in the face, he will feel in pain.
If a person helps out at the school, he will feel responsible.
If a person ends up marrying, he will feel happy.
If a person wears fine clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person changes channel, he sees a different show as a result.
A person works on his house in order to make his house better.
If a person resolves to do better, he improves as a result.
A person writes on the board in order to express her thoughts.
If a person is learning how to read, he wants to read more.
If a person drives with care, he is a safe driver as a result.
If a person resolves to start working out, he will feel energized.
If a person learns to use the computer, he is more proficient as a result.
If a person finds it highly entertaining, he wants to do it again.
If a person hits the right note, he will feel happy.
If a person ends up with a broken wrist, he is in pain as a result.
A person takes her child to school in order to provide for her child.
A person decides to buy others something for her birthday in order to make PersonY happy.
A person looks at the damage in order to see the extent of the damage.
If a person meets friends to drink, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person worries that they are being followed, he wants to find out who is following them.
If a person cannot stop reading books, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person takes some time to think about it, he will feel curious.
A person packs others's lunch in order to help PersonY.
If a person reads a newspaper article, he will feel curious.
A person tells it to someone in order to be able to talk about it.
A person says he's going home in order to be close to his family.
A person treats the pets well in order to be a good pet owner.
A person tries to look around in order to explore the new environment.
A person visits his parent’s grave in order to pay his respects.
If a person keeps an appointment, he wants to be on time.
A person calls out to the person in order to talk to the person.
A person asks for a statement in order to know the truth.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he is afraid as a result.
If a person schedules a call with lawyer, he gets legal advice as a result.
If a person drives to the library, he wants to study.
If a person watches a comedy on TV, he will feel amused.
If a person says thanks to others, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to get a pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person takes charge of the situation, he will feel strong.
If a person lives on his own, he will feel independent.
If a person argues with the manager, he will feel annoyed.
If a person acts immediately, he will feel assertive.
If a person respects others’s preference, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person and others start talking in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person gets an idea, he wants to try it out.
If a person gets well organized, he is able to get his work done as a result.
If a person devises a schedule, he is productive as a result.
If a person watches a video, he is entertained as a result.
If a person ruminates on bad memories, he will feel sad.
If a person is caught in a tight situation, he will feel worried.
If a person watches hockey on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person suffers from diarrhea, he will feel miserable.
If a person puts the car in gear, he will feel in control.
If a person cuts his arms, he is in pain as a result.
If a person decides to go back to school, he will feel inspired.
If a person is feeling much better today, he will feel energetic.
If a person has a fight with his girlfriend, he will feel upset.
If a person brings about a change in others, he makes PersonY more responsible as a result.
If a person's neighbors threaten , he feels scared as a result.
If a person makes a New Year’s resolution, he is more disciplined as a result.
If a person is asked for help, he helps out as a result.
If a person feels that others's crime is beyond forgiveness, he wants to punish PersonY.
If a person gets the sense that something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person manages to show how it works, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person breaks out into dance, he will feel happy.
If a person and others have fun in school, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to take up jogging, he gets fit as a result.
If a person receives encouragement, he will feel motivated.
If a person is busy with assignments, he will feel distracted.
A person examines others in order to learn more about PersonY.
A person has to do his homework in order to get good grades.
If a person makes a good decision, he will feel confident.
If a person is harassed by a police officer, he will feel upset.
A person reads articles and books in order to be informed.
If a person buys a new motorcycle, he will feel pleased.
If a person appears to have a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person believes others's views, he supports PersonY as a result.
If a person is going to the zoo, he gets to see the animals as a result.
If a person offers a prayer of thanksgiving, he will feel peaceful.
If a person earns his money, he will feel pleased.
If a person's expectations met, he will feel content.
If a person improves his skills, he becomes a better athlete as a result.
A person fills out paperwork in order to finish a task.
A person writes a post in order to share her thoughts.
A person tells her kids a story in order to entertain her children.
If a person says the right thing, he will feel confident.
A person picks up others from prison in order to be able to help PersonY.
A person finds someone to write for in order to be able to express herself.
If a person and others go to bed early, he will feel rested.
If a person drinks her favorite drink, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he feels optimistic as a result.
If a person is unsatisfied, he will feel frustrated.
If a person takes personY on a date, he will feel romantic.
If a person practices the choreography, he learns the dance as a result.
If a person asks others’s for help, he will feel supported.
If a person keeps the house tidy, he will feel organized.
If a person's life is much better, he is happy as a result.
A person contributes to the public in order to help others.
If a person gives others a beautiful ornament, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a walk in the forest, he has a peaceful walk as a result.
If a person starts to do a good job, he is seen as responsible.
If a person steps outside and looks around, he wants to explore.
If a person solves a puzzle, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains for a certain sport, he wants to be a better athlete.
A person tries to fill out forms in order to complete a task.
A person decides to speak English in order to communicate with others.
If a person sits down for a snack, he will feel content.
If a person looks all around the room, he is searching for something as a result.
If a person knows how to defend himself, he will feel safe.
If a person does something thoughtful for others, he will feel happy.
If a person feels sympathy for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person abuses substances, he becomes addicted as a result.
If a person happens to finish the task, he will feel pleased.
If a person wins his bet, he is happy as a result.
If a person is helped by someone, he will feel cared for.
If a person and others make a date to get together, he will feel happy.
If a person is a highly qualified individual, he is employed as a result.
A person signs an employment contract in order to be able to work.
A person collects information in order to know more about the situation.
If a person begins to meditate, he wants to be more relaxed.
If a person enjoys some time, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person reassures others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person has supper, he will feel full.
A person writes his thesis in order to finish his thesis.
If a person gets what he wants, he will feel successful.
A person types an email in order to communicate with the world.
A person reads over the letter in order to understand the message.
If a person sees something outside, he wants to see what it is.
A person introduces others to new technologies in order to keep PersonY updated.
If a person wonders if the policy is valid, he wants to find out.
If a person buys new cell phone, he is pleased with his new phone as a result.
If a person entertains himself, he will feel happy.
If a person got interested in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person goes to a secluded place, he will feel safe.
If a person moves to a new home, he is happy as a result.
If a person is open to suggestion, he will feel intrigued.
If a person was busy day and night, he was tired as a result.
If a person finds his prize, he is happy as a result.
If a person finishes eating his meal, he will feel full.
If a person learns and grows, he will feel successful.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he will feel interested.
A person advertises his business in order to attract customers.
If a person opens a good business, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps his own counsel, he will feel independent.
If a person stands up to the captain, he will feel courageous.
If a person prepares for the war, he will feel determined.
If a person notices that others is unwell, he is concerned about PersonY as a result.
If a person showers others with compliments, he will feel pleased.
If a person is determined to be a better person, he becomes a better person as a result.
A person has to study for a test in order to pass the test.
A person takes a long journey in order to experience new things.
A person takes a course in order to improve his knowledge.
If a person takes up sewing, he will feel creative.
A person turns to his friends in order to talk to his friends.
If a person's life improves, he is happy as a result.
If a person is gregarious, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to understand others, he understands others as a result.
If a person is suddenly overcome with gratitude, he wants to express his gratitude.
If a person helps out at others's shop, he will feel helpful.
If a person and others grow old together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person prepares a tasty dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person finds what she was looking for, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys the beautiful weather, he wants to stay outside.
If a person gets her name into the paper, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been collecting information, he wants to share the information.
A person keeps notes on others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person's feelings get hurt, he gets angry as a result.
A person learns to do it by himself in order to be independent.
If a person pays attention to the politics, he will feel informed.
If a person enters a wrong address, he wants to enter the right address.
If a person seems to be just fine, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys reading a good book, he will feel relaxed.
If a person succeeds in convincing others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets organized, he will feel pleased.
If a person reaches for the remote, he wants to change the channel.
If a person visits the site, he learns about the site as a result.
If a person works to accomplish a goal, he will feel determined.
A person is dressed and made up in order to look good.
If a person’s all-nighter goes well, he will feel good.
If a person fights against the count, he wants to win.
If a person takes note of it, he will feel interested.
If a person reads up about it, he will feel informed.
If a person has a better plan, he will feel confident.
If a person agrees to see others again, he will feel happy.
If a person visits their mother, he learns about their mother as a result.
If a person takes up Yoga, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person becomes engaged to others, he will feel happy.
If a person beats others in bowling, he will feel triumphant.
A person attends an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting in order to stop drinking.
If a person is sick of friends who gossip, he wants to be left alone.
If a person takes a college entrance exam, he wants to go to college.
If a person's life is in order, he will feel content.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he wants to listen to the speaker.
A person gives his roommate advice in order to help his roommate.
If a person wonders what will happen to others, he will feel worried.
A person starts learning to play the violin in order to be better at music.
If a person learns new cultures, he is seen as well-rounded.
If a person buys things in the neighborhood, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is in the middle of something, he wants to finish what he's doing.
If a person hurts his finger, he is in pain as a result.
A person organizes party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person falls into bed, he will feel rested.
If a person tries to write something, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes for a walk on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets dressed up, he will feel sexy.
A person requests others’s ideas in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person arranges objects, he will feel organised.
If a person finds out about a murder, he wants to solve the murder.
If a person enjoys the present, he will feel relaxed.
If a person advocates for human rights, he wants to help others.
If a person works on his thesis, he completes his thesis as a result.
If a person takes things slowly, he is patient as a result.
If a person takes the vacation, he has a good time as a result.
If a person thinks he could win, he will feel determined.
A person used to take others with him in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is about to realize something, he is about to make a decision as a result.
If a person makes amends, he will feel good.
If a person has a bad experience, he gets upset as a result.
If a person has grown to like others, he will feel content.
A person volunteers at the shelter in order to help others.
If a person has a deal, he is rewarded as a result.
A person visits Jason in order to talk to Jason.
A person plans out everything in order to be prepared.
If a person thinks about how great a husband he is, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes things right with others, he will feel relieved.
If a person gets over with it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sends others out of the room, he wants to be alone.
A person follows up on the patient in order to be sure the patient is OK.
A person returns the club in order to return the club to its original state.
If a person fears or feels threatened, he wants to feel safe.
If a person sets off on holiday, he will feel excited.
If a person runs for a political office, he wants to be elected.
If a person buys others's opinion, he will feel satisfied.
If a person ponders life, he wants to know what to do.
If a person tries a new technique, he improves his technique as a result.
If a person finds a comfortable couch, he enjoys the couch as a result.
If a person plans for tomorrow, he feels good about tomorrow as a result.
If a person thinks about what would happen if, he will feel unsure.
If a person visits you every day, he is always there for you as a result.
If a person finds someone to write for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes to swim practice, he learns to swim as a result.
A person joins an activist group in order to make a difference.
If a person went out for a walk, he will feel content.
If a person has to think it over, he wants to make a decision.
If a person becomes aware of an error, he wants to correct the error.
If a person gets the bad news, he is upset as a result.
If a person plays in the yard, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets his car fixed, he is happy as a result.
If a person works hard to find an alternative, he is seen as smart.
If a person gets married, he will feel happy.
If a person selects new clothes, he is pleased with her new clothes as a result.
A person went out on dates in order to meet new people.
If a person experiences being stuck, he will feel frustrated.
If a person finally gets a summer job, he will feel pleased.
If a person discusses a problem, he will feel open.
If a person closes a business deal, he will feel happy.
If a person continues to walk, he will feel determined.
If a person discovers that something is wrong, he wants to fix it.
A person writes a paper on others's illness in order to understand PersonY's illness.
A person serves his brother in order to be a good brother.
If a person reviews what’s been said, he will feel informed.
If a person turns on TV, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to open the letter in order to know what is inside.
If a person thinks things through, he will feel wise.
If a person finally gets a new life, he feels happy as a result.
If a person puts everything in order, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a sleepless night, he will feel exhausted.
If a person and others have a romantic liaison, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is an athlete, he is a great athlete as a result.
If a person plays with a ball, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets his paperwork in order, he will feel satisfied.
If a person strikes up a conversation with others, he is interested in PersonY as a result.
If a person finds the proof, he will feel vindicated.
If a person persuades others to stay, he will feel satisfied.
If a person helps to clean the office, he will feel productive.
If a person puts things in perspective, he will feel enlightened.
If a person sees a fine display, he will feel amazed.
If a person continues to raise others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person loses some luggage, he wants to get his luggage back.
A person reaches others's bedside in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person is forced to do something unpleasant, he will feel distressed.
If a person has a long-term relationship, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a hug from others, he feels loved as a result.
If a person wonders if others is ill, he wants to find out.
If a person and others go to a rock concert, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is on a hot date, he is pleased with the date as a result.
If a person spends time with others’s family, he gets along with PersonY’s family as a result.
A person helps with work in order to be useful.
If a person thinks very carefully, he will feel intelligent.
If a person builds his character, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person has a feeling of doubt, he wants to know for sure.
If a person fights the enemies, he will feel determined.
A person continues working hard in order to be a success.
If a person explores a hobby, he wants to do more of that.
If a person becomes angry with others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
A person cleans the clothes in order to make sure the clothes are clean.
If a person takes a trip to the movies, he has a good time as a result.
A person makes a plan to go somewhere in order to be independent.
If a person learns a new dance step, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to the sea, he will feel calm.
A person picks up the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person laments the situation, he wants to change the situation.
If a person becomes an acrobat, he is very good at acrobatics as a result.
If a person orders a pizza, he is pleased with the pizza as a result.
If a person wins something in a contest, he is happy as a result.
If a person watches others carefully, he wants to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person and others exchange advice in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person prepares for the next day, he will feel motivated.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he wants to do more fun things.
If a person helps others with a science project, he will feel helpful.
If a person learns about the house, he wants to learn more about the house.
If a person gets a role, he is pleased as a result.
If a person is passionate about people, he wants to help people.
If a person receives a birthday gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person challenges others, he wants to beat PersonY.
A person practices the guitar in the bathtub in order to be better at the guitar.
If a person weds others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person calls a truce in order to avoid conflict.
If a person obtains employment, he will feel pleased.
A person fights his way out in order to be independent.
If a person ponders others's answer, he wants to know the answer.
If a person accepts the decision, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to focus on one thing in order to be able to do one thing well.
If a person beats the helpless others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person isn't feeling well, he will feel unhappy.
If a person persecutes others, he makes PersonY angry as a result.
A person went to the doctor in order to feel better.
If a person found a good apartment, he wants to live there.
A person would leave after this day in order to be free.
If a person has a bedtime story read to him, he will feel sleepy.
If a person is barely hanging on, he will feel desperate.
A person visits someone who's returned in order to be there for someone.
If a person listens to news, he will feel interested.
If a person spends some time thinking, he will feel curious.
A person studies math every day in order to be good at math.
If a person feels like living a quiet life, he will feel at peace.
If a person has lots of money, he will feel wealthy.
A person attends to a person in order to help someone.
A person tells others he's going in order to move on.
If a person starts working on an idea, he will feel inspired.
If a person trains for a marathon, he will feel determined.
If a person takes some precautions, he will feel safe.
A person ishes the dog in order to keep the dog clean.
If a person prepares to begin writing again, he will feel inspired.
If a person has a couple of arguments, he will feel angry.
If a person gets to know each other, he will feel friendly.
If a person thinks like an adult, he will feel wise.
If a person hears a distant sound, he goes to investigate as a result.
A person pays attention in class in order to do well in school.
A person works hard on a project in order to be successful.
A person is careful with her money in order to be responsible.
If a person takes a long bath, he is clean as a result.
If a person is engaged in conflict, he is angry as a result.
If a person does something good, he will feel happy.
If a person dresses up well, he will feel elegant.
If a person watches others closely, he will feel attentive.
If a person volunteers to take care of the children, he has more time to spend with the children as a result.
If a person gets a good workout, he is healthy as a result.
A person and others move together in order to be with PersonY.
If a person delivers a presentation, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person wins the football match, he will feel happy.
A person spends the afternoon in the park in order to be outdoors.
A person walks up to others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person makes love to personY, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person gets into the relationship, he will feel happy.
A person puts in some extra work in order to earn some extra money.
If a person is offered a very good job, he wants to work at the new job.
If a person establishes himself as a judge, he will feel confident.
If a person is worn out, he wants to sleep.
If a person is holding a phone, he is talking on the phone as a result.
If a person lives his life to the fullest, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes back to visit the children in order to help the children.
If a person suffers again, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person is presented with a gift, he will feel touched.
If a person plays with paint, he will feel creative.
A person prepares for an audition in order to be ready for a new task.
A person moves into his own apartment in order to be independent.
If a person concentrates better, he will feel confident.
If a person puts a movie on, he will feel entertained.
If a person is prepared for traveling, he will feel confident.
If a person studies hard for an exam, he will feel determined.
If a person proposes marriage to others, he will feel happy.
A person works the details in order to be organized.
If a person found a job, he will feel happy.
A person encourages others to risk in order to help PersonY to grow.
If a person meets and greets strangers, he wants to meet new people.
If a person reads an advice book, he wants to know what to do.
A person digs into the ground in order to find out what is below.
If a person approaches the computer, he types as a result.
If a person begins to feel cold, he wants to stay warm.
If a person is enjoying a coffee with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person is working on her computer, he will feel productive.
If a person decides to stick to her beliefs, he will feel strong.
If a person shares a joke with others, he makes PersonY laugh as a result.
If a person does something in the interest of Society, he will feel important.
If a person is a very good listener, he will feel understood.
If a person praises Mike's actions, he will feel happy.
If a person believes that others is making progress, he feels optimistic as a result.
If a person has had it with others, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person regrets his past, he wants to make up for his past.
If a person tries new things, he is a little bit more adventurous as a result.
If a person is successful in his business, he earns a lot of money as a result.
If a person is patriotic, he wants to fight for his country.
If a person has trouble with money, he will feel worried.
If a person can take care of himself, he will feel secure.
If a person rants about Trump, he will feel angry.
If a person likes the message, he wants to read the message again.
If a person agrees to go on a picnic, he enjoys the picnic as a result.
If a person finds a nice place to relax, he will feel happy.
A person is thinking about going away in order to be free.
If a person starts to suspect, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person's bowels start acting up, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person buys an old book, he wants to read it.
If a person buys a cup of tea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets an adult education, he becomes more intelligent as a result.
If a person takes a leisurely stroll on the beach, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person, being too hasty, suffers, he regrets his actions as a result.
If a person and others play the piano, he and PersonY are good at playing the piano as a result.
If a person thinks they are in trouble, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person asks more questions, he will feel motivated.
If a person starts reading a new book, he will feel interested.
If a person finds what he was looking for, he will feel content.
If a person attends the celebration, he will feel joyful.
If a person writes the great novel, he will feel accomplished.
If a person participates in the arts, he enjoys the arts as a result.
If a person discusses something over the phone, he is informed of something as a result.
If a person decides to be a good person, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person breaks out into dance, he will feel energized.
If a person stays on her feet, he will feel in control.
A person encourages himself in order to feel good about himself.
If a person remembers a happy moment, he wants to remember the happy moment.
If a person learns respect, he wants to respect others.
If a person is feeling guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person begins a workout, he will feel motivated.
If a person develops an idea, he wants to do something about it.
If a person sees a good show, he enjoys the show as a result.
If a person is moving up, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps his eyes on the road, he will feel alert.
If a person convinces others to drop the charges, he will feel relieved.
If a person is always there for others, he is a good friend as a result.
If a person hears some interesting news, he is interested in the news as a result.
If a person decides to start exercising, he will feel inspired.
If a person gets into a serious accident, he will feel in pain.
If a person has no patience for others, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person drinks more alcohol, he will feel more intoxicated.
If a person completes an important project, he will feel accomplished.
A person changes her opinion about others in order to see PersonY in a new light.
A person talks with others about person Z in order to know more about person Z.
If a person disagrees with the opinion, he wants to be right.
A person applies to the university in order to be a successful student.
If a person catches a lot of fish, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets into a dispute, he will feel irritated.
If a person is full of questions, he wants to ask more questions.
If a person hunts for information, he gets information as a result.
If a person's hard work is rewarded, he will feel pleased.
If a person had a great date with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts doing better, he is happier as a result.
A person tries to collect all the books in order to be organized.
If a person is short of cash, he will feel desperate.
If a person takes a long bath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person wants to get along, he is able to get along with others as a result.
If a person falls off something, he gets hurt as a result.
A person likes to challenge others in order to prove that he is better than PersonY.
If a person has found a new direction, he wants to follow that direction.
If a person knows when to take revenge, he will feel victorious.
If a person devotes himself to a cause, he wants to help others.
If a person gets good advice, he will feel good.
If a person finds an error in the plans, he fixes the error as a result.
A person wants to tell others about the incident in order to be honest.
A person calls personA in order to speak to personA.
A person tries to do something in order to make a difference.
If a person takes up sewing, he is good at sewing as a result.
A person considers going to bed early in order to get a good night's sleep.
A person visits a car dealer in order to buy a car.
If a person finds something to be grateful for, he is happy as a result.
If a person practices throwing a knife, he gets better at throwing a knife as a result.
If a person recognizes a problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person chooses to agree, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wears a thick coat, he will feel warm.
A person studies the news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person loses home to a fire, he is homeless as a result.
If a person buys a lot of clothes, he looks good as a result.
A person revisits his mother’s grave in order to remember his mother.
If a person is sick and tired of this whole thing, he wants to leave.
If a person marries others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person entertains some friends, he will feel fun.
If a person builds a strange contraption, he will feel creative.
If a person grows anxious, he wants to calm down.
If a person finds another hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person reads them online, he will feel interested.
If a person is drinking a beverage, he is intoxicated as a result.
If a person makes the big bucks, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes the trains run on time, he will feel competent.
A person speaks with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person keeps himself fit, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been collecting information, he is more informed as a result.
If a person becomes aware of a threat, he wants to investigate.
If a person speaks from experience, he will feel confident.
If a person considers changing careers, he wants to get a better job.
If a person changes for the better, he is more confident as a result.
If a person finally gets a new life, he will feel happy.
If a person saves the day, he will feel triumphant.
If a person suffers from hay fever, he will feel miserable.
If a person comes to terms with others, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is cast in a film, he will feel happy.
If a person grows closer to Kevin, he wants to spend more time with Kevin.
If a person is used to making other people happy, he is made happy by making others happy as a result.
A person takes action in order to get things done.
If a person has an important exam, he will feel stressed.
If a person becomes engrossed in work, he becomes more productive as a result.
If a person enjoys watching a sunset, he is inspired by the beauty of the sunset as a result.
If a person continues his education, he wants to finish his degree.
If a person promises a raise to others, he will feel good.
If a person grows and learns, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person has a nice dinner, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a picnic on the beach, he will feel content.
If a person went out on dates, he will feel happy.
If a person admires his grandfather, he learns to respect his grandfather as a result.
If a person is reunited with a loved one, he will feel content.
If a person finds life too monotonous, he wants to experience more.
If a person lacks sufficient foresight, he fails to foresee the future as a result.
If a person saves for retirement, he will feel secure.
A person feeds the pigeons in order to be kind to the pigeons.
If a person tells others a nice story, he is seen as a good storyteller.
If a person and others have a blast, he will feel excited.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he will feel saddened.
If a person ends up in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person has a wash, he will feel refreshed.
A person tells others about his past in order to be open with PersonY.
A person contacts her friends in order to be with her friends.
If a person has not enough rest, he will feel restless.
If a person respects his parents, he wants to be like his parents.
If a person and others have a busy day, he and PersonY are tired as a result.
If a person is well dressed, he will feel elegant.
A person gives others new information in order to help PersonY.
If a person completes the assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on a project with others, he learns to work with PersonY as a result.
If a person can be seen taking steps to do, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins the competition, he will feel confident.
If a person develops more skills, he wants to be a more skilled person.
If a person remembers to take a break, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person takes up writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person practices a new skill, he will feel motivated.
If a person drinks a large glass of wine, he will feel tipsy.
If a person goes to yoga class, he gets fit as a result.
A person gets the paper out in order to read the paper.
If a person has a romantic evening, he will feel excited.
If a person studies the economic crisis, he is worried about the economy as a result.
A person leaves the scene in order to escape the situation.
A person helps others in his rise to power in order to see PersonY succeed.
A person is allowed to return to work in order to be able to earn money.
If a person thinks things through, he wants to be smart.
A person stirs the anthill in order to make the anthill work.
If a person is beaten up in the bar, he is bruised as a result.
A person goes into a vehicle in order to get to a place.
If a person gets support from others, he feels better as a result.
If a person succeeds at work, he will feel proud.
If a person talks with a person of interest, he learns more about the person as a result.
If a person gains his strength, he can now lift more as a result.
A person calls out a greeting in order to communicate with other people.
A person cannot stop working in order to finish the project.
If a person receives a warm welcome, he is made to feel at home as a result.
If a person and others dance in the street, he will feel energetic.
A person checks his work in order to make sure his work is done.
If a person spends the afternoon running errands, he will feel busy.
If a person makes his wish come true, he will feel satisfied.
If a person visits a museum with others, he will feel curious.
If a person has a great party, he will feel happy.
If a person's gout flares up, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is the source of good advice, he is thanked by others as a result.
If a person was injured in a car accident, he will feel pain.
A person accepts a new job in order to be in a better position.
If a person complains to his supervisor, he will feel upset.
If a person takes care of his own needs, he feels more independent as a result.
If a person finds something very interesting, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person jogs through the park, he will feel energetic.
If a person joins a cause, he will feel excited.
If a person started cooking, he is cooking for the family as a result.
A person spends time with others's children in order to be close to PersonY's children.
If a person studies several languages, he learns to speak several languages as a result.
If a person continues the trend, he will feel determined.
If a person and others are attacked, he and PersonY are both injured as a result.
If a person faces an ethical dilemma, he wants to decide what to do.
A person shows you how to do something in order to help you.
A person gets his first job in order to start a career.
If a person is extremely cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person is told something unsettling, he will feel upset.
If a person gets the right idea, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person walks around with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person takes a cruise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to wash, he is clean as a result.
If a person is dissatisfied with the result, he wants to try again.
If a person can no longer stand it, he wants to leave.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves the situation, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he feels happy as a result.
If a person reaches the goal, he will feel accomplished.
If a person wants to do something about others, he wants to confront PersonY.
If a person practices to play the guitar, he is good at playing the guitar as a result.
If a person pleases the King, he will feel rewarded.
A person offers a treat to a stranger in order to be kind.
If a person makes sure the situation is okay, he will feel in control.
If a person is worried about it, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person gets a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person does a great big dance, he will feel joyous.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he will feel fit.
If a person is respected by many, he is popular as a result.
If a person has been in control of the civilization, he will feel confident.
A person explains this and that in order to explain the facts.
If a person opens up the window, he gets fresh air as a result.
A person keeps an appointment in order to be on time.
If a person has a vacation from work, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is recommended for a job, he gets the job as a result.
A person registers to vote in order to be a part of the political process.
If a person suffers through pain, he wants to get rid of the pain.
If a person eats the whole thing, he will feel full.
If a person works in a market stall, he will feel busy.
If a person sets something up, he will feel organized.
If a person discusses the problem, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person agrees to do the job, he wants to get paid.
If a person has a fair job, he will feel content.
If a person tries to be polite, he will feel polite.
If a person has a hard time with all of this, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person explores the subject, he will feel intrigued.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he becomes a better person as a result.
A person does her make-up in order to look good.
A person tells others the news in order to keep PersonY updated.
If a person realizes he has to help others, he will feel determined.
If a person convinces others to delay taking action, he gains time as a result.
If a person is distracted by the lights, he loses focus as a result.
If a person enjoys her rest, he will feel content.
If a person grows fond of her son, he wants to spend more time with her son.
If a person is verbally attacked, he feels hurt as a result.
If a person makes love to others, he will feel loving.
If a person decides to throw a party, he will feel happy.
If a person contemplates his situation, he will feel concerned.
If a person builds up a case, he will feel confident.
If a person proves himself right, he will feel confident.
If a person purchases a first edition, he is happy as a result.
A person takes others out for ice cream in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person travels across the land in order to explore the world.
A person visits his father's grave in order to remember his father.
If a person takes a course, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person goes on a playdate, he will feel happy.
If a person takes on a new contract, he wants to earn more money.
If a person is able to accept, he will feel satisfied.
If a person keeps his eyes on the road, he will feel focused.
If a person and others work on a project together, he is seen as a team player.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he will feel sad.
If a person gives others a call, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person sees the worst coming, he will feel worried.
If a person has to answer it immediately, he will feel in a hurry.
A person decides to shower instead in order to feel clean.
A person checks out others's background in order to know more about PersonY.
A person kisses the bride in order to show his love for the bride.
A person continues until dawn in order to continue the task.
If a person considers others's viewpoint, he wants to respect PersonY's opinion.
If a person exercises to relieve stress, he will feel peaceful.
If a person experiences uncertainty, he wants to be sure.
If a person seeks to understand others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person returns to his normal routine, he will feel at peace.
If a person and others work on the garden, he will feel productive.
If a person takes over the control, he will feel powerful.
If a person's groceries are stolen, he wants to get his groceries back.
A person defends others's position in order to help PersonY.
If a person doesn't accept the outcome, he wants to change the outcome.
A person walks others outside in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is blamed for doing the wrong thing, he feels bad as a result.
If a person does an aerobic exercise, he will feel energized.
A person joins the army in order to serve his country.
If a person helps others get a second chance, he will feel pleased.
If a person loves her pet so much, he wants to take care of her pet.
A person gets ready for a holiday in order to have a good time.
If a person gets the prize, he is happy as a result.
If a person finally opens up to others, he wants to be more open with PersonY.
If a person asks others to tell the truth, he learns the truth as a result.
A person has had the courage to fight in order to win.
A person gets a second opinion in order to be sure.
If a person is accepted into a new circle of friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys having others around, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person decides to start building a home, he will feel excited.
If a person completes a painting, he will feel satisfied.
If a person asks questions about, he learns more about as a result.
If a person does something he regrets, he wants to not do it again.
If a person goes to a religious event, he will feel spiritual.
If a person receives help from others, he will feel encouraged.
A person studies chemistry in order to be good at chemistry.
If a person throws a surprise party for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person realizes that something isn't right, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person swells in the stomach, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person is given the opportunity to help, he will feel motivated.
If a person talks to a child, he gets to know a child as a result.
If a person consults a specialist, he receives a diagnosis as a result.
A person asks others to tutor him in order to be a better student.
If a person has a plan for tomorrow, he will feel organized.
If a person runs into danger, he will feel frightened.
If a person attends the lecture, he will feel curious.
If a person makes progress on the problem, he will feel confident.
If a person arranges 's finances, he will feel organised.
If a person succeeds in her scheme, he will feel happy.
If a person helps others with their task, he will feel useful.
A person does his best for others in order to be a good friend.
If a person plans to go to the beach, he will feel content.
A person visits others's aunt in order to spend time with PersonY's aunt.
If a person begins to feel calmer, he will feel content.
If a person is approached by the mob, he will feel threatened.
If a person spends the day in a movie theater, he is entertained as a result.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he gains skill as a result.
If a person prays the rosary, he will feel holy.
A person brings others to a political rally in order to get PersonY involved in politics.
If a person has an appointment with his doctor, he gets a checkup as a result.
If a person admires others's case, he wants to have a case like PersonY's.
If a person realizes that others is in danger, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person knows very well what to do, he will feel in control.
If a person plays good music, he will feel good.
If a person stands up for another person, he will feel brave.
If a person regrets the loss of others, he wants to get PersonY back.
If a person is wondering about the origins of life, he wants to find out.
If a person is playing video games, he will feel entertained.
If a person has excellent grades, he will feel confident.
If a person prevents the robbery, he will feel victorious.
If a person dances the boogie, he will feel happy.
A person steps out onto the grass in order to be outdoors.
If a person likes to go out, he has a good time as a result.
A person begins to make things up in order to be more creative.
A person meets with his family in order to be with his family.
If a person spends quality time with others, he gets closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person starts a research project, he wants to finish it.
If a person searches for a vacation spot, he finds a new place to vacation as a result.
If a person and others begin to fight, he will feel angry.
If a person and others live a better life, he will feel happy.
A person searches the Web for information in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person speaks persuasively, he will feel in control.
If a person and others gets shot, he and PersonY are both injured as a result.
If a person is a good dog, he is praised by his owner as a result.
A person checks the fax machine in order to know if the fax machine is working.
If a person is worried about his situation, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person starts working again, he will feel motivated.
A person signs up to write in order to express herself.
A person is at the art gallery in order to look at art.
If a person likes reading books, he wants to read more books.
A person works on his hobby in order to improve his skills.
If a person participates in the group, he will feel connected.
A person hires a detective in order to find out the truth.
If a person sees new possibilities, he wants to explore.
If a person isn't alone, he will feel supported.
If a person takes up self-defence, he will feel confident.
If a person attends a new conference, he will feel interested.
If a person has a violent argument with others, he will feel upset.
A person sees an interesting person in order to learn more about the person.
If a person and others exercise, he wants to be in shape.
If a person is able to get a job, he will feel pleased.
A person questions the doctor in order to know the truth.
A person goes on a trip, alone in order to have some time to himself.
If a person is right in the middle of doing something, he will feel focused.
If a person has a good time in New York, he will feel happy.
If a person had a tough decision to make, he will feel uncertain.
If a person gets some work done, he will feel productive.
A person takes part in an exercise class in order to be healthy.
A person considers to bring others back a gift in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person encourages others to talk about himself, he is happy to see PersonY open up as a result.
A person decides to enroll in a degree program in order to improve his life.
If a person lives a drama-free life, he will feel calm.
If a person gets pushed over by others, he is hurt as a result.
If a person invests some time in that endeavor, he will feel inspired.
If a person hurts his knee, he is in pain as a result.
If a person loses patience with others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person and others move forward, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person resolves to change, he will feel hopeful.
A person attempts to open the door in order to see what is on the other side.
If a person asks for guidance, he wants to learn more.
If a person senses a loss of control, he wants to get back in control.
If a person is patriotic, he supports the troops as a result.
A person and others goes to the gym in order to keep fit and PersonY wants to be healthy.
If a person is concerned about the gambling operations, he wants to investigate.
If a person keeps the business going, he will feel confident.
If a person goes back to his hometown, he wants to see his family.
If a person has a lie-in, he will feel refreshed.
If a person organizes the living room, he will feel in control.
If a person examines an object, he learns about the object as a result.
If a person drinks too much beer, he will feel inebriated.
A person takes lessons in a foreign language in order to learn a new language.
If a person's life is much better, he will feel relieved.
A person studies for her test in order to pass her test.
A person shows an interest in a friend's sibling in order to get to know the sibling better.
If a person plans a great event, he will feel proud.
If a person doesn't accept the outcome, he wants to challenge the outcome.
A person decides to tell in order to be honest.
If a person is an aficionado of the opera, he will feel inspired.
If a person is not sleeping, he will feel restless.
A person speaks on the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person adopts some ideas, he learns to think as a result.
If a person learns how to operate a computer, he will feel competent.
If a person buys an item, he will feel happy.
A person follows the directions in order to do the right thing.
A person looks up others’s profile in order to know more about PersonY.
A person heads to the shopping mall in order to buy something.
If a person engages in a philosophical discussion, he will feel interested.
A person decides on his own schedule in order to be independent.
If a person knows others is hiding something, he wants to find out what PersonY is hiding.
If a person comes to terms with reality, he will feel at peace.
If a person climbs to the top, he will feel accomplished.
If a person regrets losing others, he wants to get PersonY back.
If a person gets a new toy, he will feel pleased.
A person takes a friend to a concert in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person is working on the homework, he will feel motivated.
If a person carries on an interesting conversation, he wants to keep talking.
If a person wins a math competition, he will feel pleased.
A person orders a book online in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person becomes involved with a new group, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person owns his own place, he will feel confident.
If a person solves a math problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person devotes time to some friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets that new job, he will feel happy.
If a person has no idea what to do, he will feel uncertain.
If a person likes waking up early, he will feel refreshed.
A person pays the utility bill in order to be able to pay the bill.
If a person chats with others about the weather, he has a good conversation with PersonY as a result.
If a person commits to a new enterprise, he will feel excited.
A person tries to do some exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person enjoys the sunset, he will feel peaceful.
If a person considers others’s feelings, he wants to be considerate.
If a person is a dedicated student, he is a successful student as a result.
If a person reads books, he will feel entertained.
If a person writes a beautiful poem, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on his hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person runs back to others, he gets comfort from PersonY as a result.
If a person begins to get ahead, he is promoted as a result.
A person wrote the letter in order to express his feelings.
If a person's personality changes in a bad way, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person writes a to-do list, he will feel motivated.
If a person cooks something good, he will feel pleased.
A person gets prepared for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person applied for the job, he gets the job as a result.
If a person and others fight the good fight, he and PersonY win the fight as a result.
If a person and others go to a rock concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person gets treatment, he gets better as a result.
A person asks again in order to know the answer.
A person put on a show in order to impress the audience.
A person read a book in order to learn.
If a person appreciates others’s honesty, he will feel happy.
If a person learns how to sew, he will feel skilled.
If a person pays attention to person’s needs, he wants to make sure that person is okay.
If a person and others go for a hike, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person goes on a hot date, he will feel excited.
A person speaks some words in order to speak to someone.
If a person gets a gift, he will feel happy.
If a person has a medical condition, he receives treatment as a result.
If a person breaks his own rules, he gets in trouble as a result.
If a person is coming home soon, he wants to see his parents.
If a person continues to push forward, he will feel hopeful.
If a person grins at his little brother, he will feel content.
A person finally decides to give it a try in order to try something new.
A person is going to check on others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person takes a long shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person went out for a walk, he will feel happy.
If a person is recognized for abilities, he will feel respected.
If a person moves on to her next job, he will feel successful.
If a person complains of an injury, he wants to be healed.
If a person has a clash, he will feel tense.
If a person is unhappy with the lack of a challenge, he wants to find a challenge.
A person has a talk with his dad in order to be able to talk to his dad.
If a person receives the morning paper, he wants to read the paper.
A person writes down numbers in order to memorize numbers.
If a person makes food from scratch, he will feel creative.
If a person has an interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person offers to compensate others in order to make amends.
If a person knows that others is right, he believes PersonY as a result.
A person helps someone overcome their sadness in order to help others.
If a person spots a flaw, he wants to fix it.
If a person wins at problem solving, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is convinced that a third person is involved, he wants to catch the third person.
If a person worries about a law suit, he wants to make sure he doesn't get sued.
If a person buys a new truck, he is happy as a result.
If a person rekindles the relationship, he will feel content.
If a person stays in the church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person shows off his diploma, he will feel proud.
If a person performs a scientific experiment, he wants to see the results.
If a person enjoys an outdoor concert, he is inspired by the music as a result.
If a person listens to new music, he likes the music as a result.
If a person visits a cultural heritage site, he learns about the past as a result.
If a person starts the evening badly, he will feel frustrated.
If a person stops a speeding bullet, he saves a life as a result.
If a person ponders the options, he wants to choose.
If a person has a nice room, he will feel pleased.
If a person believes a prediction, he wants to know if the prediction is true.
If a person is covered with a blanket, he is warm as a result.
A person encourages others to go on with her story in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person regains strength, he will feel empowered.
A person gets in touch with personY in order to find out more about personY.
If a person finds it to be interesting, he wants to continue.
A person helps an old lady across the street in order to be helpful.
If a person has an important message, he wants to deliver the message.
A person learns others's story in order to understand PersonY.
A person visits his sick father in order to be with his father.
If a person talks to the audience, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person notices others is upset, he asks PersonY what’s wrong as a result.
If a person walks around the mountains, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person stops, looks around, he will feel curious.
A person talks to her partner in order to be in touch with her partner.
If a person suspects that others is hiding something, he wants to find out what PersonY is hiding.
If a person keeps moving forward, he will feel confident.
If a person fears going back, he will feel anxious.
If a person learns something after all, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is glad to receive praise, he will feel confident.
If a person speaks of personal growth, he wants to be a better person.
A person visits his dying father in the hospital in order to be with his father.
A person starts again in order to be able to do it again.
A person eventually got around to it in order to complete a task.
If a person gets overworked, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person wins something in a contest, he is pleased as a result.
If a person thinks something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person makes progress, he will feel confident.
If a person gets used to a new program, he will feel good.
If a person gets a funny message, he wants to laugh.
A person looks others up on the Internet in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person loves to cook, he cooks a great meal as a result.
If a person relaxes in the park, he enjoys the day as a result.
If a person remembers the promise, he wants to keep the promise.
If a person lets go of a grudge, he will feel calm.
If a person and others share a drink, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
If a person remembers to take meds, he feels better as a result.
If a person has an ovation, he will feel elated.
If a person is a nice fellow, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person puts on his charm, he will feel in control.
If a person finds evidence of foul play, he investigates the crime as a result.
If a person sees to it that the law is obeyed, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to fix the problem in order to be helpful.
If a person prepares a wonderful dish, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies magic, he wants to learn more magic.
If a person won a medal in a contest, he feels proud as a result.
If a person learns to use the computer, he will feel skilled.
If a person gets help from a friend, he will feel supported.
If a person dresses up with others, he will feel sexy.
If a person buys items from the shop, he will feel pleased.
If a person started caring about others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person eliminates the bad guy, he will feel victorious.
If a person goes to the show, he likes the show as a result.
If a person curries favor with others, he will feel good.
A person gets involved with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets dressed up for a concert, he will feel pretty.
If a person becomes a homicidal maniac, he wants to kill everyone.
If a person and others take a stroll, he and PersonY have a nice time as a result.
If a person discovers a talent, he wants to pursue that talent.
If a person asks the Lord for advice, he will feel guided.
If a person relaxes on the sofa, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes her dreams, he wants to achieve her goals.
A person follows through with the plan in order to make the plan work.
A person asks a few questions in order to be knowledgeable.
A person ordered the meal in order to get a good meal.
If a person begins to run in a race, he will feel determined.
A person is going to class in order to be in school.
If a person takes a summer class, he learns a new skill as a result.
A person gets into a discussion in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person admires her father, he learns to respect her father as a result.
If a person decides to make a new beginning, he will feel hopeful.
A person gets into bed in order to be comfortable.
If a person cannot bear to suffer, he wants to get better.
If a person takes in a concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
If a person takes care of the paperwork, he will feel productive.
A person tells others how he loves him in order to show PersonY how much he cares.
If a person isn’t sure about others, he wants to be sure about PersonY.
If a person worries about the health of others, he wants to make PersonY better.
A person spends most of the day at work in order to be productive.
If a person calls the health service, he gets medical attention as a result.
A person writes the book in order to express his ideas.
If a person plans on paper, he will feel organized.
If a person catches the robbers, he will feel victorious.
If a person is unhappy with her life, he will feel discouraged.
A person encourages others to keep trying in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person wakes up to a loud noise, he will feel alarmed.
If a person does a bang-up job, he will feel proud.
If a person has a good luck, he will feel happy.
If a person is hotheaded, he wants to calm down.
If a person reads on the way to school, he will feel motivated.
If a person appears on the cover of magazines, he is famous as a result.
A person goes to a car dealership in order to buy a car.
If a person likes to spend time with others, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person knows how to cook a lot of good dishes, he will feel good.
A person checks how well others is doing at work in order to be sure PersonY is doing well.
If a person is in a dead-end relationship, he will feel unhappy.
If a person makes a good dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to eat food, he will feel full.
If a person wins in a spelling bee, he will feel pleased.
If a person manages to prove it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a special dinner, he will feel pleased.
A person gets a second opinion in order to know what the doctor thinks.
If a person notices others' faces, he notices the expression on others' faces as a result.
If a person succeeds in graduate school, he is happy as a result.
If a person earns a favor, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to learn, he will feel challenged.
A person performs routine maintenance in order to keep the equipment in good working order.
If a person has a wonderful evening, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person plans to go on a date, he will feel excited.
If a person enforces the rule, he will feel strict.
If a person is bothered by the issue, he wants to find a solution.
If a person has achieved something, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person dances to a tune, he will feel excited.
If a person feels a responsibility, he wants to help others.
If a person and others go clubbing, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
If a person puts himself in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person bows his head in prayer, he will feel at peace.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he will feel inspired.
If a person notices that something is a little too familiar, he wants to know what it is.
If a person is in a difficult situation, he will feel unhappy.
If a person turns on the hot water, he will feel warm.
If a person reassures herself, he will feel strong.
If a person trusts others's presentation, he will feel assured.
If a person raises a concern, he wants to talk about it.
If a person studies different opinions, he will feel informed.
A person decides to leave the road in order to be independent.
If a person is doing something wrong, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person takes up a new sport, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person is dressed to the nines, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person does well on his exams, he will feel confident.
If a person put the pieces together, he found the solution as a result.
If a person checks on the kids, he sees the kids are okay as a result.
If a person helps out in the garden, he gets his hands dirty as a result.
If a person pays a social visit, he wants to see his friends.
If a person sees a bit of good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person rests in the park, he will feel calm.
A person reads about the ring in order to learn more about the ring.
If a person tells a fantastic story, he will feel excited.
If a person gets a bad break, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person manages to achieve it, he is seen as competent.
If a person hits the sack, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets a pat on the head from her family, he will feel loved.
If a person is involved in a severe accident, he will feel in pain.
A person visits a doctor’s office in order to get better.
If a person uses the skills, he will feel successful.
If a person is a successful lawyer, he earns a lot of money as a result.
If a person knows how to defend himself, he is a good fighter as a result.
A person will buy it for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person had some information, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person draws a pretty picture, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes for a walk in the park, he will feel calm.
A person volunteers to do the job in order to be useful.
If a person is trained to find others, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes to the bar every night, he is often drunk as a result.
If a person doodles in the margins, he will feel creative.
If a person repents of past sin, he wants to sin no more.
If a person wears some nice clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person begins to look around, he wants to see more.
If a person accepts others's instruction, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person is part of a TV show, he gets a lot of publicity as a result.
A person and others talk to each other in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person helped me, he is thanked by me as a result.
If a person give his best to personY, he is praised by personY as a result.
If a person finds something of value, he wants to keep it.
If a person pauses for a while, he is thinking as a result.
If a person continues to remain composed, he will feel in control.
If a person hates it when others burps, he wants to make PersonY stop burping.
If a person is disgusted by others's behavior, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person experiences an internal conflict, he will feel anxious.
If a person reads about history, he becomes interested in history as a result.
If a person gets a bad break, he will feel upset.
If a person makes it to the top, he is promoted as a result.
If a person reads aloud from a book, he will feel content.
A person and others clean out the pool in order to keep the pool clean.
A person does homework for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person convinces others to submit a proposal, he will feel confident.
If a person ask for assistance, he gets help as a result.
If a person orders a lot of items, he spends a lot of money as a result.
If a person drinks some juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person starts meditating, he will feel calm.
If a person exercises to relieve stress, he will feel refreshed.
If a person decides to do something positive, he will feel confident.
A person works for a day in order to be productive.
If a person beats others at a video game, he will feel satisfied.
If a person investigates further, he wants to do more research.
If a person fixes the situation, he will feel calm.
If a person arranges to meet the doctor, he wants to get better.
If a person enjoyed a delicious meal, he will feel full.
A person takes the letter out of the mailbox in order to read the letter.
A person attempts to solve an important problem in order to be successful.
If a person has a puncture, he wants to get his tire fixed.
If a person sheds excess baggage, he is light on his feet as a result.
If a person gets used to sth, he likes sth as a result.
If a person thinks about the meaning of life, he wants to find out the meaning of life.
If a person agrees to accompany others on a trip, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person reads numerous books, he will feel entertained.
A person keeps tabs on others in order to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person decides to have a shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person explains his situation in order to get his point across.
If a person talks about his hurt feelings, he wants to feel better.
If a person resents an allusion, he wants to correct the allusion.
A person reads to his children in order to share his love of reading with his children.
If a person is in the right place at the right time, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks back at his origins, he will feel curious.
If a person learns about something, he wants to learn more.
If a person enjoys what others says, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person finds new work, he is happy as a result.
A person checks his mother's face in order to know if his mother is okay.
If a person believes it was a mistake, he wants to fix it.
If a person dances at a wedding, he will feel excited.
A person wants to share her story in order to help others.
If a person feels obligated to others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person enjoys a delicious meal, he is full as a result.
If a person appreciates what others does, he will feel happy.
If a person shares a story, he will feel connected.
If a person is feeling anxious, he wants to calm down.
If a person plays with a friend, he will feel entertained.
If a person asks questions to get answers, he learns as a result.
If a person likes something, he wants to get it.
If a person organizes the first meeting, he will feel in charge.
If a person lands a perfect shot, he will feel confident.
If a person has a new hobby, he wants to learn more about it.
If a person explores alternatives, he wants to change the situation.
If a person goes out for drinks with others, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person has a fit of nerves, he wants to calm down.
If a person gets over the trouble, he will feel peaceful.
If a person wins the big prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees her favorite band play, he will feel happy.
If a person orders flowers to be delivered, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to buy others a present in order to make PersonY happy.
A person helps others in his rise to power in order to help PersonY achieve his goals.
If a person shares a birthday cake with friends, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets more advice from others, he will feel supported.
If a person gets a new girlfriend, he will feel happy.
A person tries to uncover others's feelings in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person bows his head to express gratitude, he will feel happy.
If a person eats a feast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person holds personY's interest, he wants to know more about personY.
A person follows what others thinks in order to do what PersonY thinks is best.
If a person begins planning, he will feel determined.
If a person looks after himself, he gets fit as a result.
If a person has finished the report, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes care of her health, he will feel good.
If a person opens up about himself, he will feel heard.
A person applies for a scholarship in order to be a better student.
A person starts a discussion about others in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person does some experimenting, he wants to try some new things.
If a person has a lot of money in the bank, he will feel wealthy.
If a person's troubles continue, he will feel upset.
If a person hears a distressing rumour, he is saddened as a result.
A person spends a couple of hours at work in order to be productive.
A person improves others's behavior in order to make PersonY a better person.
A person advises others to get dressed in order to get PersonY ready for the day.
If a person takes a week's vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person performs an investigation in order to learn more about a case.
A person is learning to fish in order to learn how to fish.
If a person wears good clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person organizes others to work, he is seen as efficient.
A person chats with his parents in order to know how his parents are doing.
A person considers a job transfer in order to be in a better position.
A person brings others to church in order to show PersonY the church.
If a person keeps doing things, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes a puzzle, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others have fun together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person wants to see a document in order to find out what the document says.
If a person has found his target, he will feel victorious.
If a person visits others’s neighborhood, he meets PersonY’s neighbors as a result.
If a person tries to get along with others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person picks up on something, he wants to know what it is.
A person refines the question in order to make sure the question is right.
A person reads the writings of others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person becomes aware of danger, he wants to avoid danger.
A person rushes off to the airport in order to be at the airport on time.
If a person dresses for dinner, he will feel fashionable.
A person has a strong sense of fairness in order to make sure that everyone gets a fair deal.
If a person and others spend the day together, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person tries to find evidence, he wants to solve the case.
If a person reads the book in class, he will feel entertained.
A person studies for the examination in order to pass the examination.
If a person can't take the heat, he wants to get out of the heat.
If a person is hired for a job, he will feel happy.
If a person and others enjoy themselves, he will feel happy.
A person resists taking a rest in order to be active.
A person picks up his car from the mechanic in order to get his car fixed.
A person talks to Elaine in order to have a conversation.
If a person reads a particular magazine, he will feel interested.
If a person searches for the 'real' motive, he wants to know the truth.
If a person practices a martial art, he is able to defend himself as a result.
If a person hears some good news, he will feel happy.
If a person writes a thank-you note, he will feel appreciated.
If a person learns to use power tools, he will feel skilled.
If a person is quite prepared, he is confident as a result.
If a person reads a new book, he will feel intrigued.
If a person settles things quickly, he will feel confident.
A person packs up and moves in order to move to a new place.
If a person wants to be an engineer, he studies engineering as a result.
A person goes into a vehicle in order to travel.
If a person is unable to cope with stress, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is getting ready to move, he will feel excited.
If a person buys a new camera, he is happy with his new camera as a result.
If a person chokes on rice, he wants to stop choking.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he will feel confident.
If a person examines the possibility, he will feel curious.
If a person dresses up for an important meeting, he will feel professional.
If a person moves into a luxurious home, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys another day in the sun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a crisis of identity, he wants to find out who he is.
If a person laments in sorrow, he wants to feel better.
If a person plans a wedding, he will feel happy.
If a person is doubtful about the situation, he wants to be certain.
A person teaches others about himself in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person undergoes therapy, he gets better as a result.
If a person sits at his computer, he is surfing the Internet as a result.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he becomes a musician as a result.
If a person grows in self-confidence, he will feel happy.
If a person checks to see what is going on, he will feel alert.
If a person does a course, he will feel challenged.
A person has a serious discussion with others in order to discuss the situation with PersonY.
If a person is uncomfortable at work, he will feel stressed.
If a person takes a fast bath, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he has a good time as a result.
If a person watches an interesting soap opera, he is intrigued by the plot as a result.
A person texts others a message in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person takes a two-week vacation, he is rested as a result.
A person throws others a big party in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets a date, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes aware of a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
A person speaks to someone about something in order to share something.
If a person is doing volunteer work, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets fed up with all the nagging, he wants to be left alone.
If a person puts a load in the washing machine, he gets clean clothes as a result.
If a person doesn't feel so good, he wants to feel better.
If a person learns to accept help, he will feel comforted.
A person walks at others’s side in order to support PersonY.
If a person showers at home, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets on in life, he will feel happy.
If a person and others visit the sea, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person goes through difficulties, he will feel upset.
A person ties up loose ends in order to make sure that nothing is left undone.
If a person stops to take a rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to open the box in order to see what is inside.
If a person negotiates a contract, he will feel successful.
A person made lots of work for himself in order to get ahead.
If a person raises money for charity, he wants to help people.
If a person joins a debate team, he will feel motivated.
A person performs a show in order to entertain people.
If a person takes advantage of a shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person agreed to sit with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is not sure where he came from, he will feel confused.
A person organizes a gathering of friends in order to have fun.
If a person reads the article, he will feel interested.
If a person is extremely cautious, he avoids danger as a result.
A person considers changing jobs in order to find a better job.
If a person ends a successful period, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person wins in a competition, he will feel triumphant.
If a person explores a new idea, he is inspired as a result.
A person tries to teach the kids in order to be a good teacher.
If a person learns to behave, he is more polite as a result.
If a person immediately regrets the action, he feels ashamed as a result.
If a person sees a sight she doesn't understand, he wants to know what it is.
If a person feels suspicious, he investigates as a result.
If a person looks at a sports magazine, he will feel curious.
If a person takes a secretarial course, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person organizes others's funeral in order to give PersonY a proper funeral.
If a person is dancing the tango, he will feel energetic.
A person applies to a new job in order to have a better job.
If a person has a strong sense of fairness, he wants to make sure everyone gets what they deserve.
If a person does not approve of others's actions, he wants to stop PersonY from doing those actions.
If a person helps clean up, he will feel productive.
If a person finds out about a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person always tries to say the right thing, he is seen as polite.
If a person starts doing better, he will feel happy.
If a person convinces others to return home, he will feel successful.
If a person is warm and comfortable, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person loves to travel, he wants to travel more.
If a person cannot tolerate it, he wants to stop.
If a person has a good time with others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person knows how to enjoy, he will feel joyful.
If a person checks everything, he will feel careful.
If a person watches several videos, he is entertained as a result.
If a person suffers through a hard day, he will feel depressed.
If a person is visited by the doctor, he has a checkup as a result.
If a person performs the experiment, he wants to know the results.
A person moves out of their home in order to be independent.
If a person studies the diagram, he understands the concept as a result.
If a person rests in his chair, he will feel relaxed.
If a person keeps getting 's way, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys the necklace, he will feel satisfied.
If a person read several books, he will feel entertained.
If a person wins big, he is happy as a result.
If a person works on a specific task, he wants to do that task.
A person suddenly asks others to stay for dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person points out the wood in order to show the wood to the others.
A person carries out his plan in order to be successful.
If a person learns to like himself, he will feel confident.
If a person found a job, he is happy as a result.
A person posts it on the Internet in order to show it to the world.
If a person has new glasses, he can see better as a result.
A person will go to the party in order to have fun.
If a person arrives at the conclusion, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works out at the gym, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a class to improve skills, he wants to learn more.
A person changes channels in order to see something new.
If a person is concerned with others's problems, he helps PersonY as a result.
A person will never do it again in order to not repeat the same mistake.
If a person regrets his lie, he wants to apologize.
If a person starts to dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person comes under others's spell, he wants to do PersonY's bidding.
A person enrolls for gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person convinces others to return home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a broken arm, he is in pain as a result.
If a person ends up alone, he is lonely as a result.
If a person wants to be able to protect himself, he wants to learn how to fight.
If a person has a fun idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person regrets his choice, he wants to make a different choice.
A person starts going to bed early in order to get more sleep.
If a person goes to bed on time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has more energy, he is more active as a result.
A person stops, listens in order to hear the other person's point of view.
If a person starts feeling bad, he wants to feel better.
A person contacts others to discuss their differences in order to resolve their differences.
If a person is an art lover, he wants to paint.
A person visits others at her apartment in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person organizes things in order of priority, he gets things done as a result.
If a person has written a very optimistic report, he will feel happy.
If a person does what he has to do, he will feel motivated.
A person invites her mom to dinner in order to spend time with her mom.
If a person practices his preaching, he gets better at preaching as a result.
If a person likes to keep healthy, he is fit as a result.
A person plans to take a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he will feel content.
If a person learns of the truth, he wants to know the truth.
If a person chooses the hotel, he is satisfied with the hotel as a result.
If a person acquires several properties, he will feel successful.
If a person has a lot of fun, he will feel content.
If a person convinces others to be happy, he will feel pleased.
If a person watches a film, he will feel interested.
If a person realises a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person is out with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person lands a high-paying job, he is happy as a result.
A person talks to others about PersonZ in order to know what PersonY thinks about PersonZ.
If a person goes over it again, he wants to get it right.
If a person has been busy lately, he will feel stressed.
If a person makes an important promise, he will feel serious.
If a person remembers a happy moment, he will feel content.
If a person was very interested, he wants to learn more.
If a person presents others with a little gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others encounter each other on the road, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person enjoys a private conversation with others, he will feel content.
If a person thinks about his childhood, he is nostalgic as a result.
If a person drinks milk, he will feel nourished.
If a person examines something strange, he will feel interested.
If a person applies for college, he will feel hopeful.
A person resigns from work in order to do something else.
If a person does good work, he will feel pleased.
If a person achieves something he had been aiming for, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others's relationship is renewed, he wants to see PersonY more often.
If a person is loosing an argument, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is rewarded for kindness, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a famous designer, he has a successful career as a result.
If a person grows fond of others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person cannot explain, he will feel mystified.
If a person settles on a solution, he will feel happy.
A person asks the questions in order to know the answers.
If a person reads the comics, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets hit by a puck, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets accepted to school, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others fall off a horse, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
A person continues on down the road in order to continue on his journey.
If a person is skilled at making his point, he will feel intelligent.
If a person studies a book, he will feel absorbed.
A person shares personY’s thoughts in order to understand personY.
A person brings others to the ocean in order to show PersonY the ocean.
If a person has a wonderful evening, he will feel relaxed.
If a person tries to fight others with words, he will feel angry.
If a person has been experiencing health problems, he will feel concerned.
If a person studies personY’s mannerisms, he wants to know more about people.
A person reads others's biography in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person finds others abhorrent, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person is forced to apologize, he will feel upset.
If a person takes much-needed break, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person considers the costs of stalling, he will feel cautious.
A person meets deadlines in order to finish his work on time.
A person prepares others for PersonZ in order to be sure that PersonY is ready.
If a person does some painting, he will feel inspired.
A person learns computer skills in order to be able to use computers.
If a person looks for advice, he gets advice as a result.
If a person receives a nice reward, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks of good terms to make a reputation, he will feel respected.
If a person succeeds in finding a job, he will feel confident.
If a person's fortunes improve, he will feel relieved.
If a person continues her work, he will feel productive.
A person rides his bike down the street in order to exercise.
A person thought he would ask in order to be sure.
If a person considers the possibilities again, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person attempts to read few books, he will feel motivated.
A person want to go home in order to see his family.
If a person sits by the fire, he will feel warm.
If a person sees something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person discusses the cause, he will feel informed.
A person checks out the hall in order to find out more about the hall.
If a person has had an accident, he is in hospital as a result.
If a person bought a fish, he was pleased with the fish as a result.
If a person has a positive first date, he will feel confident.
If a person has a happy relationship, he will feel content.
If a person and others keep in touch, he will feel close.
If a person finds the clue, he will feel satisfied.
A person suggests doing something else in order to make a change.
If a person enjoys a late dinner, he will feel happy.
A person is involved in the automobile industry in order to be a part of the automobile industry.
A person rushes to greet others in order to be ready for PersonY.
If a person reads a book by others, he will feel entertained.
If a person gives a good talk, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks over the facts, he realizes the truth as a result.
If a person gets the day off from work, he gets to spend the day with his family as a result.
If a person helps to prepare a nice dinner, he will feel helpful.
If a person completes an order, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discovers a new interest, he wants to explore that interest.
If a person watches a video about others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person proposes to his or her spouse, he will feel happy.
If a person builds a big business, he will feel successful.
If a person is respected by others, he will feel valued.
If a person is praised by the whole group, he will feel appreciated.
If a person will take over the project, he will feel confident.
If a person is unable to bear this, he wants to change the situation.
If a person is presented a solution, he will feel hopeful.
If a person enjoys others’s work, he wants to work with PersonY.
If a person listens to the news, he will feel interested.
A person visits others's relatives in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person finds a book to learn from, he will feel pleased.
If a person is dressed up in a special outfit, he will feel special.
A person heads to the market in order to buy some food.
If a person uses herbs, he will feel healthy.
A person carries on a conversation in order to communicate with others.
If a person rekindles the relationship, he will feel hopeful.
If a person makes a big sale, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps up his appearance, he will feel pretty.
If a person has a good heart, he will feel content.
If a person and others go to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person spends the night out, he has a good time as a result.
If a person learns some information, he becomes wiser as a result.
A person gets on the move in order to be more active.
If a person was very interested, he wants to know more.
A person and his family go to church in order to be religious.
A person reads all the books in order to learn more.
If a person works on solving conflict, he wants to get the job done.
A person engages in a lot of trade in order to make money.
If a person studies magic, he learns to perform magic tricks as a result.
If a person sees that he made a mistake, he apologizes as a result.
If a person continues their education, he will feel motivated.
If a person decides to experiment, he will feel inspired.
If a person considers his reasons, he wants to do what he considers the right thing.
A person cooks the family dinner in order to spend time with his family.
If a person reads a book about the Civil War, he will feel interested.
If a person finishes making the pie, he has a nice pie as a result.
If a person uses her influence, he will feel powerful.
If a person comes to agreement, he will feel satisfied.
If a person realizes her dream, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person explores new possibilities, he wants to be more adventurous.
If a person hesitates to ask a question, he will feel unsure.
A person and others have a nice chat in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person acquires a new skill, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to church every Sunday, he has a strong faith as a result.
A person keeps watch over others in order to protect PersonY.
If a person can do it right, he will feel confident.
If a person cannot cope with the problem, he will feel helpless.
If a person answers to others's expectations, he wants to please PersonY.
If a person's foot gets hurt, he will feel in pain.
If a person gains others’s affection, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person manages to find his way, he will feel successful.
If a person helps someone in trouble, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to do it himself, he will feel independent.
If a person likes the car, he wants to keep the car.
A person asks if others is on the level in order to be sure that PersonY is telling the truth.
If a person is not having a good day, he will feel irritated.
A person avoids the crowd in order to be alone.
If a person finds what she was looking for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hasn't had any sleep, he will feel sleepy.
A person chats with his parents in order to know more about his parents.
If a person completes a thesis, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is eating food, he will feel full.
If a person gains support, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes into a more intimate relationship with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is playing the game, he will feel entertained.
If a person loses a family member, he will feel saddened.
If a person is a righteous citizen, he is proud of his citizenship as a result.
If a person is moved by others’s advice, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes on a new project, he will feel motivated.
A person walks over to the window in order to see the outside world.
If a person gets the sense that something is wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person is interested in world affairs, he learns about the world as a result.
A person re-enrolls in school in order to be a better student.
If a person tries another job, he wants to work in a better job.
A person takes a hot bath in order to relax.
If a person stands up for his convictions, he will feel strong.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person decides to wash, he will feel clean.
If a person asks others to tutor him, he wants to learn more.
If a person spends time worrying, he will feel upset.
A person visits a doctor’s office in order to find out what is wrong with him.
If a person regrets about others, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
If a person learns to play music, he is a musician as a result.
If a person wonders how many supplies they'll need, he wants to get supplies.
A person helps others on the job in order to be helpful.
If a person has a walk on the beach, he will feel content.
A person resolves the situation in order to make things right.
A person keeps moving forward in order to achieve her goals.
A person tries to avoid telling others in order to avoid disappointing PersonY.
If a person sets to work, he will feel focused.
If a person takes her out to dinner, he will feel happy.
A person reads all of the fine print in order to understand the contract.
If a person is feeling better, he will feel relaxed.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he is upset as a result.
A person repairs the table in order to keep the table in good condition.
If a person is out and about, he will feel alive.
If a person suspects the trap, he wants to figure out the trap.
If a person is sad and brokenhearted, he wants to feel better.
A person tries to explain the situation in order to get his point across.
If a person gets out of debt, he will feel relieved.
If a person starts walking toward others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person talks on the phone to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person becomes tired of running around, he wants to rest.
If a person had a long, happy marriage, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to enjoy life, he will feel happy.
If a person has an argument with his son, he is angry with his son as a result.
If a person suspects something, he wants to investigate.
If a person decides to make a difference, he wants to be a leader.
If a person gets caught in a cross-fire, he is wounded as a result.
If a person is not sure of the way to go, he will feel confused.
If a person completes the project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person thinks his marriage is a failure, he wants to get a divorce.
If a person finds an object of value, he will feel satisfied.
A person prepares for big-game hunting in order to have a successful hunt.
If a person figures out where to look, he finds the information as a result.
If a person steals and immediately regrets it, he wants to give the money back.
If a person becomes a good friend, he is liked by the group as a result.
If a person having a dreary vacation, he will feel unhappy.
If a person is involved in the project, he will feel committed.
If a person thinks of a good memory, he wants to remember the memory.
If a person is busy and has no time, he will feel rushed.
If a person reads something unusual, he will feel curious.
If a person publishes a very successful book, he becomes a famous author as a result.
A person practices soccer in order to be good at soccer.
If a person is well-dressed, he will feel fashionable.
If a person is conflicted, he will feel anxious.
If a person complains about his rash, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person wants to learn, he will feel challenged.
If a person joins an exercise class, he will feel energized.
A person treats others to a wonderful dinner in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person buys a new pet, he is happy with his new pet as a result.
If a person and others receive a wedding invitation, he wants to go to the wedding.
If a person corrects his posture, he feels better as a result.
If a person gets close to his mother, he learns to trust his mother as a result.
If a person gets a role, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds the right job, he will feel content.
If a person takes pride in others's business, he wants to keep PersonY's business running.
If a person works in the kitchen, he learns to cook as a result.
If a person is well-known for his positive attitude, he is well-liked as a result.
If a person is well-groomed, he will feel handsome.
If a person reads a document, he learns something new as a result.
A person avoids everybody in order to be alone.
A person visits personY's home in order to meet personY.
A person checks on the kids in order to be sure the kids are okay.
If a person helps out his friends, he gets thanked by his friends as a result.
A person puts a stop to the things in order to get rid of the bad things.
If a person studies at university, he will feel motivated.
A person dons a new attire in order to look good.
If a person is invited to play music with others, he is happy to play with PersonY as a result.
If a person dances with the woman, he will feel content.
A person becomes a better writer in order to be more creative.
If a person becomes more discerning, he will feel confident.
A person tells about future plans in order to share his plans with others.
A person organizes a class in order to help the students.
If a person is treated as a person, he will feel respected.
A person leaves for the party in order to be social.
If a person makes it, he will feel accomplished.
If a person seems doubtful, he wants to be sure.
If a person is concerned about the gambling operations, he wants to know more about the operation.
If a person has many qualifications, he will feel competent.
A person works fast in order to get the job done.
If a person enjoys a day off, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person thinks of a new style, he wants to get his style out there.
A person speaks a bit in order to share his thoughts.
A person makes music in order to be creative.
If a person has a very healthy breakfast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins an amateur dramatic group, he learns to act as a result.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he is liked by everyone as a result.
If a person claims they were framed, he wants to prove their innocence.
If a person hears good news about others, he will feel happy.
If a person has been trying to, he has been working hard as a result.
If a person is a successful negotiator, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts to drink, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person makes a list of things to do, he will feel organized.
If a person is very focused, he will feel in control.
If a person feels the thrill of adventure, he wants to do more adventurous things.
If a person comes to others’s defense, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person is going to see a movie in order to be entertained.
If a person does not feel quite right, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person likes to dance, he is a good dancer as a result.
If a person advertises his business, he wants to sell more stuff.
If a person reads good books, he will feel curious.
If a person is writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person works out at the health club, he will feel energetic.
If a person is helped by someone, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to a beauty salon, he is given a makeover as a result.
A person dials others's phone number in order to speak to PersonY.
A person rushes to others's home in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person helps old ladies across the street, he is seen as considerate.
If a person appreciates others, he wants to have a good relationship with PersonY.
If a person manages to find his way, he will feel capable.
If a person becomes inspired by others, he wants to be like PersonY.
A person asks a series of questions in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person grabs a letter, he wants to read the letter.
If a person prepares to go on a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person has big problems at work, he will feel stressed.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person purchases something on the Internet, he will feel pleased.
A person is working on the computer in order to be productive.
A person gives a car ride to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person runs to a doctor, he wants to be healthy.
If a person completes a mental exercise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sticks with the project, he will feel motivated.
If a person checks out others’s books, he likes PersonY’s books as a result.
If a person goes to a drugstore, he buys some drugs as a result.
If a person does his laundry, he has clean clothes as a result.
If a person fails to control his temper, he will feel frustrated.
A person tells others about her divorce in order to share her problems with PersonY.
If a person is unable to do it alone, he wants to ask for help.
A person moves out of the neighbourhood in order to be independent.
If a person says a story, he is seen as a good storyteller.
If a person regrets some past action, he wants to avoid that action in the future.
If a person likes what he sees, he wants to look at it again.
If a person and others begin a new partnership, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person stands by his decision, he will feel secure.
If a person lands on a new job, he will feel excited.
If a person gets a new car, he will feel pleased.
If a person praises others's cooking, he will feel happy.
If a person is afraid of being hurt, he will feel anxious.
If a person regrets what he did, he wants to apologize.
If a person looks toward the future, he will feel hopeful.
If a person invents a device for her daughter, he will feel pleased.
If a person shares what she has with others, he will feel connected.
A person buys some cat food in order to make sure his cat is fed.
If a person publishes a popular book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enacts a plan, he wants to see the plan through.
A person has been going to church in order to be religious.
A person will write a letter to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person researches others's roots, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person spends a year at college in order to gain knowledge.
If a person finds another route, he has a better route as a result.
If a person is doing his homework, he will feel accomplished.
If a person opens up about himself, he will feel comfortable.
If a person spends more time with friend, he gets closer to friend as a result.
If a person rubs in cream, he will feel refreshed.
If a person visits his old neighborhood, he is reminded of his childhood as a result.
If a person watches a cool movie, he will feel happy.
A person participates in the event in order to be a part of the event.
A person buys a house for himself in order to live in a nice house.
If a person receives flowers from a friend, he will feel happy.
If a person struggles to accomplish something, he will feel frustrated.
If a person stays out of trouble, he will feel safe.
If a person considers possibilities again, he will feel intrigued.
If a person works hard to achieve something, he wants to keep working hard.
A person becomes involved in a cause in order to help people.
If a person calls a company for information, he gets the information as a result.
If a person argues with the author, he feels angry as a result.
If a person reaps the benefits of others's sacrifice, he will feel satisfied.
A person sorts his words in order to be clear.
If a person gets a bike for Christmas, he will feel happy.
If a person asks about her friend’s situation, he learns about the situation as a result.
If a person listens to what is said, he will feel attentive.
A person studies until one in the morning in order to learn more.
If a person's marriage gets better, he is happy as a result.
If a person questions the agenda, he wants to know the truth.
If a person makes up to others, he will feel pleased.
If a person will win the election, he will feel confident.
If a person buys property, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts to freeze, he will feel frightened.
If a person worries about what might happen, he wants to make sure nothing bad happens.
If a person takes care of things, he is successful as a result.
If a person fears an internal split, he wants to be whole.
If a person serves the community, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person enjoys an evening meal, he will feel content.
A person decides to take a hike in order to enjoy nature.
If a person is perplexed by a sudden change in plans, he will feel frustrated.
If a person wins the final competition, he will feel happy.
If a person works with equipment, he learns to repair as a result.
If a person tries to look at the bright side, he will feel hopeful.
If a person joins a library, he reads more as a result.
A person completes a mental exercise in order to improve his mental skills.
A person goes to check on others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person learns to speak a foreign language, he wants to speak the language fluently.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he is very angry as a result.
A person speaks to someone about something in order to have a conversation.
A person thinks of going somewhere in order to be in a new place.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he will feel excited.
If a person feels like going for a run, he will feel energized.
If a person is very well read, he will feel smart.
A person hugs his son in order to be close to his son.
A person goes to the orphanage in order to give something to the orphans.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to work through her issues.
If a person sees a potential problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person is rewarded for good deeds, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person puts a call through to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person enjoys a night out, he will feel carefree.
If a person gets very cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person approaches some of the luggage, he wants to check the luggage.
If a person tries to be polite, he is seen as a nice person.
A person tries not to dwell on a memory in order to be able to focus on the present.
A person reads the note out loud in order to find out what the note says.
If a person looks into the water, he wants to see what's under the water.
If a person did the deed, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys making plans, he wants to make more plans.
If a person is interested in fitness, he gets fit as a result.
A person places the documents on the table in order to present the documents.
If a person goes to sleep at night, he will feel relaxed.
A person pursues a career in order to be independent.
A person goes to a friend’s house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person gets a wash and set, he looks good as a result.
A person works on getting to know others in order to be friends with PersonY.
If a person becomes concerned, he wants to do something about it.
If a person gets advice from a friend, he will feel informed.
If a person considers priorities, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person gets to go on vacation, he will feel delighted.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he will feel excited.
A person plans a surprise for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person beats others at poker, he will feel triumphant.
If a person considers others to be a nice guy, he wants to be nice to PersonY.
A person prepares to do battle in order to fight for his beliefs.
If a person competes for fame, he will feel determined.
A person comforts others in order to be supportive.
A person gives others a promotion in order to help PersonY.
If a person shares his life story, he is seen as insightful.
If a person considers his choices, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person gives it a try, he will feel interested.
If a person is making improvements, he is more productive as a result.
If a person gets a great parking space, he will feel delighted.
If a person makes a bargain, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person gets to experience a simple life, he will feel happy.
A person runs around the block in order to get some exercise.
If a person organizes a celebration, he will feel excited.
If a person competes in a contest, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes a hot shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person gets ready to speak, he will feel confident.
If a person hears strange noises, he wants to investigate.
If a person gets a feeling, he wants to know what it is.
A person took care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person offers a counterargument in order to defend his opinion.
If a person cannot stand it any longer, he decides to leave as a result.
A person gains interest in others in order to get to know PersonY better.
A person tries to establish a new life in order to be independent.
If a person snuggles up, he is warm as a result.
If a person enjoys a hike, he wants to hike again.
If a person develops a hobby, he wants to continue his hobby.
If a person takes charge of the situation, he will feel powerful.
If a person goes on a family vacation, he will feel happy.
A person considers visiting his wife in order to be close to his wife.
A person helps pay the rent in order to be able to pay the rent.
If a person knows how to choose clothes, he is stylish as a result.
If a person argues with others in a public place, he will feel angry.
If a person discovers his talent, he wants to pursue his talent.
A person spells it out for others in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person finds the perfect gift for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been accepted by local people, he will feel pleased.
If a person talks to mother on the phone, he has a good conversation with his mother as a result.
If a person regrets cheating on others, he wants to be faithful.
If a person knows just how to manipulate others, he gets her way as a result.
If a person resumes baking a cake, he will feel creative.
If a person will always have the last word, he will feel in control.
If a person goes to school for a degree, he will feel intelligent.
If a person watches a film, he will feel entertained.
If a person creates a cool display, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to leave for somewhere in order to explore.
If a person learns the game, he will feel good.
If a person becomes friends with kids at school, he will feel happy.
If a person is proud of her collection, he wants to display her collection.
If a person has something delicious, he wants to eat it.
A person has someone clean up her room in order to have a clean room.
If a person starts quarreling with others, he will feel irritated.
If a person looks inside himself, he becomes more introspective as a result.
A person is feeding others in order to make sure PersonY is eating.
If a person caught a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person senses a loss of control, he wants to regain control.
If a person finally gets paid, he will feel satisfied.
A person continues to entertain the possibility in order to keep the option open.
A person begins to see a therapist in order to feel better.
If a person has a pretty good time, he will feel content.
If a person respects his parents, he gets along with his parents as a result.
If a person buys something at full price, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes self-reliant, he will feel confident.
If a person reads classic literature, he will feel intellectual.
If a person has the wrong information, he has to correct his mistake as a result.
If a person continues her work, he will feel busy.
A person thinks about leaving in order to be independent.
If a person participates in family traditions, he will feel part of the family.
If a person and others have a pleasant dinner, he will feel comfortable.
If a person puts on new clothes, he will feel good.
A person walks to the office in order to get to work.
A person visits the neighbors in order to be neighborly.
A person trains for a certain sport in order to be in shape.
If a person receives a reward, he is happy as a result.
If a person regrets past actions, he wants to change.
A person avoids some appointments in order to avoid the stress of an appointment.
If a person succeeds in wooing others, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives someone a big kiss, he will feel happy.
If a person applies to join an elite unit, he wants to be a better soldier.
If a person runs off to play, he has fun as a result.
If a person learns to do something, he becomes more proficient as a result.
A person takes care of his children in order to be a good father.
A person starts to learn in order to improve his skills.
A person tries new things in order to be different.
If a person creates an online community, he gains followers as a result.
If a person plays drums, he is good at drums as a result.
A person begins to rehearse in order to be prepared for the performance.
If a person helps others raise money, he will feel useful.
If a person takes a bicycle ride, he will feel energetic.
A person tries for others in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
A person examines the carpet in order to understand the carpet.
A person is bathing others in order to keep PersonY clean.
If a person realizes what he must do, he will feel motivated.
A person decides to tell a joke at the party in order to entertain the guests.
If a person dances for others, he is seen as a good dancer.
If a person is reading the newspaper, he will feel curious.
If a person is described by others as a marvelous wife, he will feel admired.
If a person buys a bunch of stuff, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets a new job, he earns more money as a result.
If a person craves fried chicken, he wants to eat a lot of fried chicken.
If a person is always writing papers, he is seen as a good student.
If a person makes a smart move, he will feel successful.
If a person imagines herself as a failure, he will feel hopeless.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he is pleased as a result.
If a person finds others's conduct objectionable, he wants to make PersonY stop.
If a person and others have a pleasant dinner, he will feel content.
If a person orders a take-out dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person studies nature, he has a better understanding of nature as a result.
If a person turns to others for advice, he is encouraged by PersonY as a result.
If a person gets a big job, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds himself a wife, he will feel content.
If a person smells something rank, he is disgusted as a result.
If a person is a very good parent, he is praised by his children as a result.
A person listens to news on radio in order to be informed.
If a person gives a great presentation, he will feel pleased.
If a person considers another job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person has good memories, he will feel happy.
If a person attends a high school reunion, he meets old friends as a result.
A person tries to leave the office in order to be independent.
If a person listens to you while you talk, he doesn’t interrupt you as a result.
If a person creates wealth for personX, he makes personX happy as a result.
A person washes out the car in order to keep the car clean.
If a person catches up with a friend, he wants to talk to his friend.
If a person realizes his horrible mistake, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person thinks about events past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person cannot tolerate it, he will feel angry.
If a person gets involved in the situation, he wants to help.
A person helps others with schoolwork in order to help PersonY.
If a person eats and enjoys, he will feel full.
A person cleans everything thoroughly in order to keep the house clean.
If a person makes amends, he will feel happy.
A person starts from a scratch in order to do something new.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening at home, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person takes care of his things, he gets organized as a result.
A person makes a good suggestion in order to be helpful.
A person announces that he's considering a career in farming in order to make a living from the land.
If a person can’t bear to go on, he decides to quit as a result.
If a person is the person that others runs to, he helps PersonY out as a result.
If a person has success, he will feel happy.
If a person works on his hobby, he becomes more interested in his hobby as a result.
If a person and others learn how to swim, he and PersonY are now better swimmers as a result.
If a person uses his money wisely, he will feel happy.
A person works on the home computer in order to be productive.
If a person goes to see others in the hospital, he is glad to see PersonY as a result.
If a person relies on others for help, he will feel supported.
If a person checks out others's new car, he admires the car as a result.
If a person questions the situation, he wants to get answers.
If a person thinks of a new plan, he wants to implement the plan.
If a person gets a fresh start, he is happy as a result.
If a person devises a ruse, he will feel clever.
If a person experiences personal success, he feels happy as a result.
If a person finishes what he started, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a meaningful gift, he will feel happy.
A person wants to talk to others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person hears an interesting joke, he will feel amused.
If a person eats for dinner, he will feel full.
If a person negotiates for a better salary, he will feel satisfied.
If a person considers the environment, he wants to save the environment.
If a person plays nice with others, he will feel happy.
If a person runs for exercise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person had a cold, he wants to feel better.
If a person sleeps through the night, he will feel rested.
If a person tries to understand people, he learns to understand people as a result.
If a person goes to a crisis center, he receives counseling as a result.
If a person was in the mood for a long walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person talks to people, he learns to socialize as a result.
If a person is no longer satisfied, he wants to have more.
If a person and others are engaged to be married, he will feel excited.
If a person engages in intellectual dialogue, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person visits new places, he becomes more adventurous as a result.
If a person ends up in charge, he will feel strong.
A person shares his feelings with others in order to be honest.
If a person makes a new career, he will feel happy.
If a person gets the part, he will feel pleased.
If a person eats delicious meals, he will feel happy.
If a person's attitude improves, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a good price, he will feel happy.
If a person trains intensely, he will feel focused.
If a person plays classical music, he is an accomplished musician as a result.
If a person can't handle it any more, he wants to quit.
A person takes care of themselves in order to be self sufficient.
If a person makes a name for himself, he will feel powerful.
If a person spends most of the day at work, he will feel busy.
A person trains others in a combat sport in order to help PersonY.
If a person beats the cats, he will feel triumphant.
If a person looks everywhere, he wants to find something.
If a person discovers a perfect solution, he will feel confident.
If a person has good dreams, he will feel content.
If a person regrets his actions, he wants to apologize.
If a person admires others's accomplishments, he is inspired by PersonY as a result.
A person decides not to fight others in order to avoid violence.
If a person uses her powers for good, he will feel happy.
A person takes notes in class in order to remember the information.
A person proposes to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person finishes her novel, he will feel accomplished.
A person rents a room for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person puts an end to the dispute, he will feel confident.
If a person suddenly becomes aware of his faults, he wants to fix his faults.
A person tells him everything in order to be honest.
If a person is used to cooking, he will feel competent.
A person takes the kids to a movie in order to spend time with the kids.
If a person questions the statement, he wants to see the truth.
If a person makes his own way, he will feel self-reliant.
A person adds a dash of pepper in order to add a little spice to the meal.
A person walks the street in order to explore the city.
A person tries to write a letter in order to express her feelings.
If a person consults me, he will feel helpful.
A person tells people about it in order to make people aware of the problem.
If a person gains others’s affection, he will feel happy.
If a person is a shrewd investigator, he wants to solve the case.
If a person plays an arcade game, he will feel amused.
If a person gets the result, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets some of his words, he wants to apologize.
If a person solves a problem with an elegant solution, he is seen as smart.
If a person finds something odd, he wants to investigate.
If a person hates it when her neighbors are getting loud, he wants to tell them to be quiet.
If a person gets some very good news, he will feel elated.
If a person and others still love each other, he wants to stay together.
A person goes out for a long time in order to have fun.
A person decides to investigate in order to learn more about the mystery.
If a person gets out of bed early, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets a feel for the task, he will feel accomplished.
A person applies to school in order to get a good education.
If a person manages well, he will feel confident.
A person has to be careful in order to avoid getting hurt.
If a person and others work, he and PersonY are paid as a result.
If a person considers various possibilities, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person and others goes to therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person has a nice view, he will feel happy.
A person goes to others's family in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person makes his own marks, he will feel creative.
A person puts a stop to the things in order to control the situation.
If a person takes a new path, he wants to be a different person.
If a person thinks of new possibilities, he wants to do more things.
If a person starts to disagree, he becomes more outspoken as a result.
A person starts therapy in order to get better.
If a person succeeds at the speech, he will feel proud.
If a person burns a log to make a fire, he gets warm as a result.
If a person eats healthy food, he will feel full.
A person sets up his or her own practice in order to be independent.
A person holds a discussion with others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person talks to everybody, he will feel friendly.
If a person gets injured by others, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is in a jittery mood, he wants to calm down.
If a person knows just how to manipulate others, he will feel in control.
If a person was declared the winner, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes amends to others, he will feel happy.
If a person reads others's biography, he learns about PersonY's life as a result.
A person attends an AA meeting in order to stay sober.
If a person realizes something's not right, he will feel concerned.
If a person complains about the conditions, he wants to be treated better.
A person makes an offering in order to give something to the community.
If a person works a puzzle, he is able to solve the puzzle as a result.
If a person finally comes to terms with everything, he will feel peaceful.
If a person brings good home, he will feel content.
If a person hears the shocking news, he will feel upset.
If a person hits the clubs, he gets drunk as a result.
A person reaches into the box in order to see what is in the box.
A person practices sports in order to be fit.
If a person finally finds a solution, he is happy as a result.
If a person admits being wrong, he wants to apologize.
If a person slays the dragon, he will feel victorious.
A person prays in church in order to connect with God.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he will feel pleased.
If a person listens to others's singing, he likes PersonY's singing as a result.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person has a new problem, he will feel worried.
If a person's cooking is good, he will feel happy.
A person gives the kids a bath in order to help the kids.
If a person listens to a radio broadcast, he will feel interested.
If a person is given a birthday gift, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to go to the beach, he will feel happy.
If a person meets people at the conference, he wants to meet new people.
A person chooses the right words in order to be accurate.
If a person enjoys success, he wants to keep it up.
If a person gets a poem published, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to start eating healthy, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others go to the circus, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person is going to the doctor, he wants to be healthy.
If a person gets in debt, he wants to get out of debt.
If a person takes a trip to the beach, he has fun at the beach as a result.
If a person gets back on the horse, he will feel energetic.
If a person enjoys a late night at the pub, he will feel relaxed.
If a person tells it to everyone, he is seen as honest.
If a person lands a place, he is happy as a result.
If a person participates in mediation, he resolves conflict as a result.
If a person and others go clubbing, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
A person gets an appointment with the doctor in order to get a checkup.
If a person gets help from an old friend, he feels better as a result.
A person decides to sell her apartment in order to move to a new place.
If a person struggles with life, he will feel hopeless.
If a person resolves a dispute, he will feel peaceful.
If a person takes control of a situation, he will feel confident.
If a person confronts the bully, he wants to stop the bully.
If a person gets something done, he will feel accomplished.
If a person can't bear the pain, he wants to get rid of the pain.
If a person enjoys an evening meal, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a home for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person overcomes depression, he will feel hopeful.
A person studies others in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person goes to the rescue, he will feel determined.
If a person studies for school, he will feel challenged.
If a person reads often, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person has a comfortable chair, he is pleased with his chair as a result.
If a person enjoys mathematics, he is good at math as a result.
If a person is able to enjoy himself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is given a surprise party, he will feel happy.
A person gives others a friendly pat in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person signs the petition in order to support the movement.
If a person sits up and takes notice, he will feel alert.
If a person works just as hard as others, he wants to be as good as PersonY.
If a person is shown a way out, he decides to leave as a result.
A person is eating food in order to feel full.
A person calls and talks with others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person stands up to the bully, he gets the bully to back off as a result.
If a person is concerned about the environment, he wants to save the planet.
A person expresses a counterargument in order to defend his point of view.
If a person has had enough of their argument, he leaves as a result.
If a person drinks lots of alcohol, he will feel inebriated.
If a person ends up on top, he is happy as a result.
If a person grows fond of personY, he wants to know more about personY.
If a person buys a new watch, he is happy with his new watch as a result.
If a person gets good advice, he is happy as a result.
A person gets together with others's sister in order to get to know PersonY's sister.
If a person cleans herself up, he feels better about herself as a result.
If a person has a respectable position, he will feel secure.
If a person does the right thing, he wants to be a good person.
If a person stops to kiss others, he will feel passionate.
A person plays by the book in order to be a good citizen.
If a person has an interesting career, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is angry at the writer, he wants to yell at the writer.
If a person learns how to steer, he will feel skilled.
If a person explains in detail, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person thinks ahead of time, he is prepared for the future as a result.
If a person wears a fancy dress, he will feel glamorous.
If a person hurt in an accident, he is in pain as a result.
A person leaves for a long journey in order to explore the world.
If a person buys a new tool, he will feel pleased.
A person builds a house in the suburbs in order to be a homeowner.
If a person takes up diving, he gets better at diving as a result.
A person spends the day with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person requests access to others's medical records, he learns more about PersonY's medical history as a result.
A person asks others about their feelings in order to understand PersonY.
If a person is reminded of the scene, he wants to remember the scene.
A person had to continue in order to get the job done.
If a person values learning, he wants to go to school.
A person is at a concert in order to enjoy the concert.
If a person can't understand why others does this, he wants to understand.
If a person enjoys a hike, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person dresses up with clothes, he will feel glamorous.
If a person is affected by others's anger, he will feel hurt.
If a person is wearing expensive clothes, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person feels that others is in danger, he wants to help PersonY.
A person goes on an interview in order to get a job.
If a person searches for important evidence, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys this, he wants to do this again.
If a person redecorates her house, he will feel happy.
If a person has a very bad reputation, he is disliked by his peers as a result.
If a person is an emotional wreck, he will feel depressed.
If a person dresses really nicely, he will feel beautiful.
A person talks to others about ObjectZ in order to know more about ObjectZ.
A person puts in extra effort in order to be the best.
A person sends a card to his uncle in order to express his gratitude.
If a person is unhappy about the situation, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person and others have some heated discussion, he will feel irritated.
If a person is tired of the weather, he wants to be in a warmer climate.
If a person is a good salesperson, he will feel successful.
If a person and others become closer, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person accepts others's suggestions, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person learns from the accident, he feels better as a result.
A person continues with her work in order to finish her work.
If a person buys dinner for everyone, he will feel pleased.
A person walks on the track in order to get exercise.
A person visits a hair salon in order to have a new hairstyle.
A person begins his lessons in order to learn a new skill.
If a person goes camping again, he enjoys the outdoors as a result.
If a person's good fortune continues, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others made love, he will feel joyful.
If a person takes time to smell the roses, he enjoys the smell of roses as a result.
If a person considers the proposition, he wants to decide.
A person teaches others how to live in order to help PersonY become a better person.
A person doesn't leave others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person rests a while, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person can’t take it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person begins to study, he will feel eager.
If a person is under siege, he will feel afraid.
If a person buys a coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a nice camera, he gets good pictures as a result.
If a person is met with silence, he feels ignored as a result.
A person stops to get fuel in order to make sure he has enough fuel.
If a person acts as a part of society, he is accepted by society as a result.
If a person doesn't know where he is, he will feel lost.
If a person notices someone acting unusually, he investigates as a result.
If a person accepts an invitation to help, he will feel motivated.
If a person walks toward others, he wants to get PersonY's attention.
If a person is shocked by the death of a close friend, he wants to mourn.
If a person tries to prove himself, he will feel determined.
If a person is blessed by God, he is happy as a result.
A person leaves the bench in order to move on.
If a person cares about the future of others, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person has a good career, he is promoted as a result.
If a person researches others's roots, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
A person sees an attorney in order to get legal advice.
If a person is prepared for a challenge, he wants to succeed.
A person walks through the market in order to see what is available.
A person goes to an exhibition in order to see art.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he will feel happy.
If a person does yoga for the first time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person remembers a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
A person runs for public office in order to be in charge.
If a person trusts others's presentation, he will feel confident.
If a person is astonished at the lack of evidence, he will feel puzzled.
If a person begins to lose his place, he will feel confused.
If a person is hired for the job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts in extra time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person regrets an impulsive action, he wants to take a different action.
If a person gets an invitation, he wants to go to the party.
If a person runs into danger, he will feel terrified.
If a person decides not to give in, he will feel determined.
A person leaves town for a while in order to go to a different place.
If a person awakens to a good morning, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person has an interesting career, he has a successful career as a result.
If a person talks with a person of interest, he will feel intrigued.
If a person pours water on himself, he will feel refreshed.
If a person starts to find old people extremely irritating, he wants to see old people less.
If a person grows closer to God, he will feel content.
If a person believes that others will call, he wants to hear from PersonY.
If a person is the top dog, he will feel in control.
If a person puts his things in order, he will feel in control.
If a person makes an effort to be nice, he wants to be liked.
If a person asks about the rubicon, he wants to find out more about the rubicon.
A person has a private talk with others in order to be alone with PersonY.
If a person plans to be kind, he is nice to others as a result.
If a person enters the unknown, he wants to know what's out there.
A person plays with the children in order to be with the children.
If a person and others decide to go to a movie, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person visits a gym, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person gets work done, he gets paid as a result.
A person pays attention to his footsteps in order to be careful.
If a person wins out over others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person's dog barks, he wants to make the dog stop barking.
If a person presents others with a present, he will feel pleased.
A person pays a "visit" to others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person spends all night out on the town, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person feels differently about something, he wants to change his mind.
If a person succeeds in looking well, he will feel confident.
If a person begins to suspect something, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person's family is in trouble, he will feel worried.
If a person is admitted to a home, he will feel cared for.
A person tries to write a song in order to be creative.
If a person tries to raise money, he wants to be a successful fundraiser.
If a person gets his motorcycle back, he will feel happy.
A person trims the bush in order to make the bush look neat.
If a person decides to do this every year, he will feel confident.
If a person wins in a table tennis match, he will feel confident.
If a person studies a map, he learns geography as a result.
If a person lives well, he will feel happy.
If a person is frustrated by failure, he will feel angry.
A person writes others a message in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person complains about inefficiency, he wants to fix the problem.
A person wants to tell others about something in order to be honest.
If a person makes a new start, he will feel motivated.
If a person gave others a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person is injured in a car accident, he is taken to the hospital as a result.
If a person finally goes to church, he feels more spiritual as a result.
A person rewrites the speech in order to improve the speech.
A person continues to educate others in order to make PersonY a better person.
If a person fends off attackers, he will feel protected.
If a person practices the cakewalk, he is better at the cakewalk as a result.
If a person is put in charge, he will feel important.
If a person and others work, he and PersonY get paid as a result.
If a person receives many phone calls, he is pestered by many callers as a result.
If a person remembers a promise, he wants to keep the promise.
A person will not fight in order to avoid violence.
A person avoids asking for directions in order to avoid the embarrassment of asking for directions.
If a person takes on a cause, he wants to help people.
If a person signs up for an endurance event, he will feel inspired.
If a person finally gets some rest, he sleeps better as a result.
If a person meets personY's uncle, he has a conversation with personY's uncle as a result.
If a person has discovered the culprit, he will feel victorious.
If a person joins the library, he wants to read more.
A person remodels his kitchen in order to make his kitchen more efficient.
A person takes a night course in order to improve her skills.
A person is on a one-person mission in order to do something by herself.
A person sends letter to personY in order to tell personY something.
A person switches from one channel to another in order to be able to watch several channels at once.
If a person anticipates the climax, he will feel excited.
If a person believes there is a murderer in their house, he wants to investigate.
If a person tries to look at the bright side, he has a positive attitude as a result.
If a person and others play a friendly game of cards, he will feel entertained.
If a person really appreciates seeing a counselor, he wants to be in counseling.
A person explores outer space in order to learn about the universe.
If a person comes to his senses, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person enjoys an evening meal, he feels full as a result.
If a person hesitates for a long time, he will feel indecisive.
A person tries to solve the crime in order to find the truth.
If a person starts feeling better, he is happy as a result.
A person leaves to visit others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person visits all his friends, he will feel friendly.
If a person watches a popular TV show, he likes the show as a result.
If a person and others are to meet up, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person decides to drink water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person works at a place, he will feel productive.
If a person raises an army, he will feel powerful.
If a person knows how to get along with others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
A person joins a dance team in order to be a better dancer.
A person gets into the gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person receives support, he is encouraged as a result.
If a person practices a new skill, he wants to improve.
If a person learns new self-defense skills, he will feel confident.
If a person learns of some good news, he will feel excited.
If a person complains that the rooms are too small, he wants to have a bigger room.
A person takes a rest in order to be well rested.
If a person takes others to a nice place, he will feel pleased.
If a person is out for a jog, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets a dinner invitation, he attends the dinner as a result.
If a person seems to be concerned about others, he wants to be more involved with PersonY.
If a person puts on his make-up, he wants to look pretty.
If a person goes to a good restaurant, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person has the big show, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person uses this opportunity, he will feel good.
If a person contemplates his problem, he will feel troubled.
If a person wanted others to learn a lesson, he wants PersonY to be more responsible.
A person tries to digest it in order to understand the meaning of the situation.
If a person hears many music performances, he enjoys music as a result.
A person reads the letters in order to know what the letters say.
If a person earns an award, he is pleased as a result.
A person, moving away from her, leaves in order to be independent.
If a person grows apples, he has a lot of apples as a result.
A person and others visit a good place together in order to have a good time with PersonY.
If a person meets a friend on the street, he wants to talk to the friend.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he will feel anxious.
If a person is advised to pay more attention to details, he learns to be more careful as a result.
If a person gets rewarded, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks into the situation, he gets the information as a result.
If a person solves a problem with an elegant solution, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he gains fitness as a result.
If a person is watching out for others, he helps PersonY out as a result.
If a person spends time with others’s family, he feels closer to PersonY’s family as a result.
A person meets up with a friend in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person is able to get a job, he is able to support himself as a result.
If a person is feeling threatened, he wants to feel safe.
If a person resists an urge to scream, he is quiet as a result.
If a person takes an online course, he will feel interested.
If a person gets involved in several businesses, he is seen as resourceful.
If a person stays with her child, he gets to know her child as a result.
A person works with Mother Nature in order to help Mother Nature.
If a person pushes himself to work, he will feel strong.
A person is attending school in order to learn.
If a person talks to people, he gets to know people as a result.
If a person has an intimate dinner, he has a good time as a result.
If a person stops lying, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person and others are calm, he will feel at peace.
If a person take charge of the situation, he will feel strong.
If a person ponders about others's feelings, he wants to find out what PersonY is thinking.
If a person takes an interest in what others is doing, he wants to do what PersonY is doing.
If a person has a good future, he is happy as a result.
A person takes others to the dance in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person goes to a secluded place, he will feel calm.
If a person builds a good rapport, he will feel accepted.
If a person puts on music, he feels good as a result.
If a person is an emotional wreck, he is unable to cope as a result.
If a person is able to leave, he will feel liberated.
If a person gets his wishes, he will feel pleased.
A person prepares her speech in order to be prepared for a big speech.
If a person learns how to play the bagpipes, he gets better at playing the bagpipes as a result.
If a person gave a wonderful dinner party, he was praised by her guests as a result.
A person drives fast in order to get to the destination faster.
A person attends a seminar on literature in order to learn more about literature.
If a person gets interested in art, he wants to be an artist.
If a person hugs others warmly, he will feel happy.
A person prepares to give a speech in order to be a good speaker.
A person corrects mistakes in order to improve.
If a person got his pet, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to get help, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is unsure about his friend's marriage, he wants to find out more about his friend's marriage.
If a person does a favour for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
A person wants to buy a certain book in order to learn more about the book.
If a person tries to talk about old times, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person becomes a victim of violence, he will feel upset.
If a person wants to continue study, he studies harder as a result.
If a person has found an error, he wants to fix the error.
If a person has a picnic with her family, he has a good time as a result.
If a person admires the work of others, he is inspired by PersonY as a result.
A person goes to a clinic in order to get a medical checkup.
If a person finds a hole in others's argument, he wants to fix PersonY's argument.
If a person volunteers to help someone in need, he will feel helpful.
If a person realizes that others is hiding something, he wants to find out what PersonY is hiding.
If a person is intrigued, he wants to explore.
If a person discusses government, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person learns to accept it, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets rid of a bad habit, he feels better as a result.
A person contacts an old friend in order to keep in touch with his old friend.
A person writes his dissertation in order to finish his dissertation.
A person throws a birthday party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is self-sufficient, he will feel secure.
If a person meets the right people, he will feel happy.
If a person is accepted into the university, he wants to study.
If a person washed her hands, he will feel clean.
If a person requests help, he is helped as a result.
If a person has a winning streak, he is pleased as a result.
If a person suffers an ordeal, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets a bad cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person prepares to work out, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person is short with his boss, he will feel irritated.
If a person builds an army, he will feel powerful.
A person joins an activist group in order to help people.
If a person gets a pat on the head from her family, he feels loved as a result.
If a person fears losing her job, he will feel stressed.
If a person makes a resolution, he wants to do better.
If a person finds a good friend, he will feel happy.
If a person heads out for a walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person confides in her therapist, he receives counseling as a result.
A person leaves home for work in order to make money.
If a person gets the supplies, he will feel successful.
If a person is employed, he will feel content.
If a person takes a rest, he will feel calm.
A person sends her daughter to school in order her daughter to have a good education.
If a person thinks it’s a nice day, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes a look at the object, he wants to see what it is.
If a person takes the throne, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets a clue, he wants to figure out the clue.
If a person experiences negative results, he will feel discouraged.
If a person learns to accept others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person attacks a bird, he kills the bird as a result.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel excited.
If a person disagrees with a tax assessment, he wants to get the assessment changed.
A person looks it up online in order to know more about a subject.
A person goes for a long walk on the beach in order to be in nature.
If a person continues to go to the doctor for treatment, he wants to be healthy.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he will feel happy.
A person and others go to market in order to buy something.
If a person really gets rolling, he will feel energized.
If a person longs for his mom, he wants to be close to his mom.
A person takes care of others’s leg in order to help PersonY.
If a person was busy day and night, he will feel exhausted.
If a person is going to lose his job, he will feel worried.
If a person reads others's poetry, he likes PersonY's poetry as a result.
If a person dreams of a great future, he wants to achieve his dreams.
If a person takes swimming lessons, he is seen as a good swimmer.
If a person pays to learn how to play, he is a better musician as a result.
If a person considers the circumstances, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person returns to a familiar place, he feels comfortable as a result.
If a person is training hard, he will feel energized.
If a person entertains at home, he will feel happy.
A person asks others to meet up in order to be able to discuss something with PersonY.
If a person has a competition, he wants to win.
If a person walks into a fire, he gets burned as a result.
If a person feels indebted to others, he wants to repay PersonY.
A person had to continue in order to finish the job.
If a person is still thinking about revenge, he wants to find a way to get revenge.
If a person regrets having done something, he does not do it again as a result.
If a person is having a conflict, he is angry as a result.
If a person has a very productive day, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he will feel happy.
If a person takes on the challenge, he wants to get better.
A person takes his pet to the doctor in order to make sure his pet is healthy.
If a person stands up to himself, he will feel powerful.
A person works on an important project in order to finish the project.
If a person is used to it, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes the grade, he is promoted as a result.
If a person dislikes a person, he wants to avoid that person.
If a person passes an important test, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads an inspirational book, he becomes more positive as a result.
A person realizes that he needs to move on in order to start a new life.
If a person got hurt, he is in pain as a result.
If a person makes personY feel good, he is rewarded with a smile as a result.
If a person buys a new horse, he will feel happy.
If a person knows when to take revenge, he will feel confident.
If a person plans a romantic rendezvous, he will feel happy.
If a person marks her first win, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person asks others for an opinion, he will feel curious.
If a person seems to have a plan, he will feel clever.
A person listens to person in order to understand the person.
If a person sticks to her decisions, he will feel determined.
If a person puts an end to a quarrel, he wants to keep the peace.
If a person tolerates others’s comments, he does not argue with PersonY as a result.
If a person spends time worrying, he will feel tense.
If a person is dissatisfied with the situation, he wants to change the situation.
A person explores his sexuality in order to know more about himself.
A person thinks of moving away in order to be free.
If a person starts to heal old wounds, he feels better as a result.
A person thinks for a long time in order to think before making a decision.
If a person struggles to find the answer, he will feel confused.
A person checks in with the "girl" in order to know what the "girl" is doing.
If a person finds love at last, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person gets a leg up, he will feel confident.
If a person tells her kids a story, he ’s kids are entertained as a result.
A person confronts her parents in order to find out the truth.
A person tries a second job in order to earn money.
If a person finds his place, he will feel comfortable.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he wants to continue the hobby.
If a person learns new skill, he becomes better at that skill as a result.
If a person makes an impact, he has a positive impact on others as a result.
If a person buys a fancy gift, he will feel happy.
If a person has an air-tight alibi, he will feel confident.
A person goes in person in order to be face to face with the person.
If a person settles on a solution, he is satisfied as a result.
A person continues at a university in order to get a degree.
If a person dresses up for an important meeting, he will feel attractive.
If a person volunteers to help others again, he will feel pleased.
If a person stumbles on something bad, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person wins for once, he will feel happy.
A person becomes cautious in order to avoid making mistakes.
If a person is given a bath, he is clean as a result.
A person learns to be assertive in order to learn to stand up for himself.
If a person has won, he will feel triumphant.
If a person read a great book, he learns something new as a result.
A person emails others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
A person returns to living with her mother in order to be close to her mother.
If a person makes dinner for the family, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good attitude, he will feel content.
If a person experiences a strange noise, he wants to know what the noise is.
If a person always gets on with the job, he is seen as a team player.
If a person stays at a job for more than 5 years, he is seen as loyal.
If a person starts taking art classes, he wants to take more art classes.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he is excited about the place as a result.
If a person is dressed elegantly, he will feel stylish.
If a person plays a sport, he will feel fit.
A person volunteers to do something in order to help others.
A person continues in their ways in order to keep doing what they have always done.
If a person takes on a night job, he earns extra money as a result.
A person offers others an aspirin in order to help PersonY.
If a person is completely alone, he feels lonely as a result.
If a person flips through the pages, he will feel interested.
A person stops the rot in order to prevent further damage.
If a person feels pleased with others's work, he wants to be proud of PersonY.
If a person reassures herself, he will feel peaceful.
If a person notices a foul smell, he will feel disgusted.
If a person wonders if others wants to marry him, he wants to be sure.
If a person gets a thrill out of it, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person buys new items, he will feel happy.
If a person is compassionate toward others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person will be attending a concert in order to enjoy the concert.
If a person gets rid of bad people, he will feel satisfied.
If a person convinces others to give up, he will feel victorious.
If a person gives others the kudos, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to take a vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is asked to help, he will feel useful.
If a person wins the interschool championship, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds the house well-kept, he is pleased with the house as a result.
If a person drives to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person plans the trip, he will feel in control.
If a person beats the kid at Chess, he will feel pleased.
A person starts to do a good job in order to be successful.
If a person has a chance to prove his point, he will feel assertive.
If a person becomes a leader, he gains respect as a result.
If a person enjoys a long rest, he will feel content.
If a person and others stay together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person makes the winning shot, he will feel confident.
If a person overcomes evil with a new lifestyle, he will feel happy.
If a person reads storybooks, he will feel entertained.
If a person sees a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person fails to withstand the strain, he becomes exhausted as a result.
A person tries to write in order to express herself.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he will feel distressed.
If a person adjusts to a new environment, he will feel comfortable.
If a person works to earn money, he will feel determined.
If a person considers his mistakes, he wants to fix his mistakes.
A person went to church in order to be spiritual.
If a person finds out the perfect person, he is pleased as a result.
If a person observes news, he becomes more informed as a result.
If a person continues to work out, he wants to get in shape.
A person reads up about it in order to know more about the subject.
If a person can’t stand it anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person continues to push forward, he will feel determined.
A person puts a lot of effort into this in order to make this work.
A person dials the phone in order to be connected to the outside world.
If a person gets his girlfriend back, he will feel pleased.
If a person shows off his scar to his friends, he will feel proud.
If a person and others exchange blows, he will feel angry.
A person posts a message on the message board in order to share his thoughts.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he will feel content.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he seeks help as a result.
If a person is not used to having trouble, he is upset as a result.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he is frightened as a result.
If a person is encouraged to tell the truth, he is able to be honest as a result.
A person takes care of the details in order to make sure everything is in order.
If a person manages to agree, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes dancing with family, he has fun as a result.
If a person does repairs, he will feel productive.
A person tries hard to meet others's standards in order to be accepted by PersonY.
If a person plays with computer, he will feel entertained.
If a person convinces others to go home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks to consult with others, he is advised by PersonY as a result.
If a person agrees to the plan, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets better grades, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes much-needed break, he will feel refreshed.
A person practices sports in order to be good at sports.
A person explores new ideas in order to be creative.
If a person has some important news, he wants to share the news.
If a person is feeling poorly, he wants to feel better.
If a person regrets his decisions, he wants to change his decisions.
A person visits his mother every day in order to make sure his mother is okay.
If a person is met with silence, he will feel ignored.
If a person helps an old lady, he will feel good.
If a person stays strong, he will feel calm.
If a person gets on her bicycle, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person takes out his medicine, he will feel relaxed.
A person goes away for a while in order to have some time to himself.
If a person hears something very exciting, he wants to hear more.
If a person arranges it, he will feel organized.
A person types out the proposal in order to finish the proposal.
If a person has received some important news, he will feel relieved.
If a person keeps things running, he will feel in control.
If a person entertains friends, he is seen as a good host.
If a person grows upset with others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he wants to help people.
If a person questions the statement, he doesn’t buy the statement as a result.
If a person is tired of negotiating, he wants to stop negotiating.
A person types a letter to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he will feel content.
If a person cannot believe what happened, he is very upset as a result.
If a person has a new boyfriend, he will feel happy.
If a person signs up for a new class, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person sits in the quiet, he will feel peaceful.
If a person makes a formal request, he wants to be granted the request.
If a person goes to a good restaurant, he has a good time as a result.
A person goes to an AA meeting in order to stay sober.
If a person gets a hunch about others, he wants to investigate.
If a person kicks the ball into the goal, he will feel accomplished.
If a person fights with the others, he will feel angry.
If a person is a dutiful spouse, he is happy as a result.
A person prepares a gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person buys the book, he will feel happy.
If a person is stressed by studying, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person does not like violence, he wants to be nonviolent.
A person participates in a community service project in order to help others.
If a person finds a good person, he will feel happy.
A person calls personY in order to hear from personY.
If a person spends some time working on the car, he learns to fix cars as a result.
If a person is given the opportunity to help, he will feel helpful.
If a person gives a favorable report, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he wants to figure out what's wrong.
A person is open to suggestion in order to learn.
If a person is determined to get it done, he will feel confident.
If a person gets his message out, he is acknowledged as a result.
If a person listens to the game on the radio, he learns about the game as a result.
If a person remains calm, he will feel relaxed.
If a person organizes a good party, he will feel confident.
A person tests it in order to be sure.
If a person makes the winning goal, he will feel happy.
A person walks around the town in order to get to know the town.
A person stands by others's bed in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person is served, he is happy as a result.
If a person has no time to wait, he wants to hurry.
If a person delivers the goods, he will feel happy.
A person practices at the firing range in order to improve his skills.
If a person gets a meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stands up for personY, he will feel strong.
A person starts studying again in order to do well in school.
A person meets with others and PersonZ in order to talk to PersonY and PersonZ.
If a person finds the funny side of something, he will feel happy.
If a person overcomes obstacles, he will feel triumphant.
If a person can't get a grip on the subject, he will feel confused.
If a person shows an interest in a friend's sibling, he wants to get to know the sibling better.
If a person hears the lecture, he understands the lecture as a result.
A person comforts others after a loss in order to help PersonY.
A person decides to continue in order to complete the task.
A person studies for a class in order to pass the class.
If a person decided to take up swimming, he is good at swimming as a result.
If a person read a book by Michael Connelly, he will feel entertained.
If a person listens to an authority figure, he wants to do what the authority figure says.
A person ran for office in order to be in charge.
If a person studies frequently, he will feel focused.
If a person gets his man, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets on his mistake, he wants to fix his mistake.
If a person throws down a challenge, he wants to prove himself.
If a person has a melt-down, he wants to calm down.
If a person volunteers to help at the soup kitchen, he meets the homeless as a result.
If a person gets a wedgie, he is in pain as a result.
If a person lives in constant fear, he will feel anxious.
If a person tells a fantastic story, he will feel thrilled.
If a person joins the contest, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person expects the best from others, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes infuriated, he wants to yell.
If a person finds the right medicine, he will feel satisfied.
If a person rests in the shade, he will feel cool.
If a person works at the top, he will feel competent.
If a person works things out, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person has an evening out, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to a story, he is entertained as a result.
If a person has a strong reaction to others's cooking, he wants to avoid PersonY's cooking.
If a person is eager to work hard, he will feel inspired.
If a person realizes that he might get hurt, he will feel worried.
If a person wonders how it will all end, he will feel worried.
If a person develops a game plan, he wants to win.
If a person is educated, he will feel enlightened.
If a person can be a leader, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person gets up early in the morning, he will feel energetic.
If a person makes the trains run on time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has the big show, he is happy as a result.
A person keeps talking to others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person finds employment, he will feel confident.
If a person shares his thoughts with others, he is seen as honest.
If a person is admired by all, he will feel respected.
If a person arranges another tryst, he will feel excited.
If a person meets the new neighbors, he gets to know the neighbors as a result.
If a person finishes what he started, he will feel accomplished.
A person considers what happens in the future in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person requests help, he gets the help he needs as a result.
A person obeys the Law in order to be a good citizen.
If a person eats voraciously, he will feel full.
If a person ends up being taken to task, he is made to feel guilty as a result.
If a person experiences a great offer, he will feel delighted.
If a person has a really bad day, he will feel frustrated.
If a person sets things right, he will feel in control.
If a person is well-dressed, he will feel confident.
If a person has gotten up early in the morning, he will feel rested.
If a person finishes a dissertation, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets results from experiment, he will feel pleased.
If a person in doubt, he wants to know what to do.
A person writes a set of letters in order to express her feelings.
A person tries to understand in order to understand the world.
A person puts a lot of effort into this in order to be successful.
If a person tries to find the leak, he will feel determined.
If a person chooses to change, he wants to be a better person.
If a person cooks with fresh ingredients, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person goes out to a movie, he will feel happy.
If a person has a promotion, he will feel happy.
If a person tends to his own needs, he is self-sufficient as a result.
If a person takes an ice-cold shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is tired from exercise, he wants to rest.
If a person is doing some exercises, he will feel fit.
If a person asks others for support, he is helped by PersonY as a result.
A person creates a living space in order to have a place to call home.
If a person has a lot of wine with lunch, he will feel intoxicated.
A person accepts his job offer in order to earn money.
If a person has some wine, he will feel merry.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he will feel peaceful.
If a person notices something unusual, he wants to investigate.
If a person tries really hard, he will feel determined.
If a person helps others to paint the house, he will feel productive.
If a person confides to others, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
A person treats others to a dinner in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person gets a business card, he will feel appreciated.
If a person earns some respect, he will feel important.
A person takes out her dogs in order to spend time with her dogs.
A person starts to go out in order to have fun.
If a person tries new things, he will feel adventurous.
A person has others to herself in order to be alone with PersonY.
A person works on a specific task in order to finish a project.
If a person helps an old woman, he will feel good.
If a person finds the evidence he needs, he will feel satisfied.
If a person experiences personal success, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to use a computer, he is able to play games as a result.
If a person admires the product, he wants to buy the product.
If a person does something special for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
A person contemplates a plan in order to solve a problem.
A person talks to you in order to have a conversation.
A person talks to others about the future in order to have a future with PersonY.
If a person works hard to find an alternative, he will feel motivated.
If a person studies some more, he will feel motivated.
If a person reads novels in bookstore, he will feel interested.
If a person breaks his hand, he is in pain as a result.
A person takes part in a march in order to be part of a movement.
A person sits down for a moment in order to rest.
If a person handles things well, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues his work, he will feel productive.
If a person takes notes in class, he will feel focused.
If a person drinks soup, he will feel full.
If a person relaxes a little, he has a better mood as a result.
If a person promised not to steal, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person does it with class, he will feel calm.
A person creates an email address in order to communicate with others.
If a person gains clarity, he will feel relieved.
If a person notices something weird, he wants to investigate.
If a person is concerned about her spouse, he wants to talk to her spouse.
If a person ventures to the sea, he enjoys the sea as a result.
If a person spends a pleasant day with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person hates to face, he wants to avoid facing.
If a person faces a tragic past, he will feel sad.
A person tries to talk about old times in order to remember the good times.
If a person attends the celebration, he will feel happy.
If a person attends a school concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person brushes his teeth, he has a clean mouth as a result.
If a person prepares for the worst, he will feel anxious.
A person is writing a letter to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person makes arrangements for an activity, he will feel organized.
A person stops by others's table in order to see PersonY.
A person makes an early start in order to be ready for the day.
If a person is willing to spend time with others, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person has a gut feeling, he wants to investigate.
If a person has done the job, he gets paid as a result.
A person begins an investigation in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person feels too self-conscious, he wants to feel less self-conscious.
A person congratulates others on his success in order to support PersonY.
If a person gets medicine, he is better as a result.
If a person turns on the radio, he will feel entertained.
A person practices meditation in order to be calm.
If a person tries to be organized, he is more organized as a result.
If a person sees an attractive girl, he is attracted to her as a result.
If a person picks out some clothes, he is dressed to impress as a result.
If a person has a notion of others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person and others had a fight, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person has a sense of humour, he wants to be funny.
If a person gives 's servant a much deserved raise, he 's servant is happy as a result.
If a person learns how to act like a man, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person tries to catch the thief, he will feel determined.
If a person talks to person he respects, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reaches a goal, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person succeeds in acquiring a car, he will feel pleased.
If a person follows through with the plan, he is successful as a result.
If a person is prepared for things, he will feel confident.
If a person reads a book on child psychology, he will feel curious.
If a person tries out for a new job, he wants to get the job.
A person gives others everything he has in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person tries really hard, he wants to be the best.
A person visits old friend at the prison in order to reconnect with an old friend.
A person tries something different in order to explore new things.
A person is practicing meditation in order to be more calm.
If a person becomes a successful screenwriter, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person looks up things online, he will feel informed.
If a person gets a reward for good work, he will feel pleased.
If a person builds a new network, he gets more clients as a result.
A person takes his job more seriously in order to do a good job.
If a person feels unsure, he wants to feel sure.
If a person and others ride a bicycle, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person visits a movie theater, he will feel entertained.
If a person goes to study group, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes assignment, he will feel pleased.
If a person is an excellent driver, he will feel confident.
If a person performs his duties, he will feel competent.
A person pays back others in order to make amends.
If a person and others take a nap, he will feel relaxed.
A person and others go to the gym in order to keep fit and PersonY wants to stay healthy.
If a person discovers a beautiful flower, he will feel delighted.
A person tries to understand life in order to be more self aware.
If a person speaks confidently, he will feel in control.
If a person gains knowledge, he becomes smarter as a result.
If a person contributes to a common good, he is thanked by the community as a result.
If a person signs up for Spanish class, he is able to speak Spanish as a result.
If a person asks the teacher questions, he wants to know the answers.
A person discusses running away in order to be on his own.
If a person develops a feel for the game, he wants to play more.
If a person has a quick bath, he will feel refreshed.
A person introduces new ways of doing things in order to be innovative.
If a person grabs the opportunity, he will feel happy.
If a person devises a unique method of enjoying the evening, he will feel satisfied.
If a person continues a hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to go to a party, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes interested in a topic, he learns more about the topic as a result.
If a person sits and rests, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person sees others in danger, he wants to help PersonY.
A person goes to others's doctor in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person is brought home, he will feel cared for.
If a person works well with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is planning to go on a holiday in Berlin, he will feel happy.
If a person has a big idea, he wants to do something with his idea.
If a person takes advantage of the new opportunities, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to the sea, he will feel peaceful.
If a person reads the book, he learns something as a result.
If a person and others yell at each other, he will feel angry.
If a person reads on others's personal diary, he learns about PersonY's private life as a result.
If a person makes a successful model, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
A person goes up the stairs in order to go to the next floor.
If a person keeps going to the office, he will feel productive.
A person sends their child to school in order their child to succeed.
If a person is under attack, he will feel frightened.
If a person comes up with a way to entertain him, he will feel happy.
If a person and others are having a drink, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
If a person discovers a new love, he wants to be with his new love.
A person reads the message in order to know what the message says.
If a person pays attention to what others is saying, he wants to hear what PersonY has to say.
A person cleans up after herself in order to be tidy.
A person begins to work for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person worries that others will be left behind, he wants to keep PersonY with him.
If a person smells an unfamiliar scent, he wants to know what it is.
If a person gets prepared for a big competition, he wants to win.
A person buys presents for family in order to make sure his family is happy.
If a person gets a well-paid job, he is happy as a result.
A person avoids thinking about it in order to be able to forget about it.
If a person knows how to be nice, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person experiences a tragedy, he wants to grieve.
If a person gets into a dispute, he will feel angry.
If a person beats the opponent, he will feel happy.
If a person reads the Quran, he is influenced by the Quran as a result.
If a person keeps practicing, he wants to perform.
If a person makes time to exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person expands his spiritual horizons, he gains more spiritual insight as a result.
If a person refuses to be discouraged, he will feel strong.
If a person enjoys his time, he will feel content.
If a person rides his bike down the street, he will feel energetic.
If a person found a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person is running late for the bus, he will feel rushed.
If a person is the object of everyone's affection, he will feel cherished.
A person keeps his guard up in order to protect himself.
If a person learns why other people are so important, he learns to appreciate others as a result.
If a person pays attention to the sickly others, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person has some tea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person thinks others is getting worse, he is worried about PersonY as a result.
A person drives south to the coast in order to be close to the ocean.
A person spends time in prayer in order to be closer to God.
If a person recognizes others's needs, he wants to take care of PersonY.
A person goes into an engineering class in order to learn more about engineering.
If a person has a great sense of humor, he wants to be funny.
If a person and others go skiing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person gets to know people, he will feel accepted.
If a person is outraged by others's gall, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person dialed a wrong number, he wants to call the right number.
If a person works out every day, he will feel healthy.
If a person bets on the future, he will feel confident.
A person studies diligently in order to be successful.
If a person decides to see a therapist, he is able to express her feelings as a result.
If a person gets in a scuffle, he will feel angry.
If a person assures others of what others wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is annoyed at the neighbor's dog, he wants to get rid of the dog.
If a person stays at a job for more than 5 years, he will feel comfortable.
If a person regrets agreeing to a bet, he wants to break the bet.
If a person goes to yoga class, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person avoids taking risks in order to be safe.
If a person puts a positive twist on it, he will feel happy.
If a person plans to travel around the world, he will feel excited.
If a person dances in a room, he will feel energized.
If a person considers others’s situation, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person learns to cook, he becomes a better cook as a result.
If a person has some dirty clothes, he wants to wash his clothes.
If a person gets a piece of the action, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes the shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a good time with others, he will feel happy.
If a person is done a favor, he will feel grateful.
A person looks up some information in order to know more about the information.
A person requests a meeting in order to discuss a problem.
If a person owns and loves a dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person makes others's situation better, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person looks puzzled, he wants to understand.
If a person finishes a set of work, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes a long journey in order to explore the world.
If a person learns from their mistake, he wants to make sure they don't make the same mistake again.
If a person is very successful, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person keeps its cool, he has a calm temperament as a result.
A person removes garbage from the yard in order to make the yard clean.
If a person sees an amazing sunrise, he feels a sense of wonder as a result.
If a person learns something new from others, he will feel enlightened.
A person goes to swim practice in order to be a good swimmer.
If a person drank water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person plays a music box, he will feel content.
If a person has difficulty making a decision, he will feel uncertain.
A person offers to buy others a coffee in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others meets an accident, he and PersonY get injured as a result.
If a person realises a long-held dream, he wants to pursue that dream.
If a person works on the case, he wants to solve the case.
If a person earns a certification, he will feel accomplished.
If a person enters a quandary, he wants to figure out what to do.
A person packs up his things in order to move out.
A person plans on getting married in order to have a family.
If a person acquires a new skill, he wants to use the skill.
If a person accepts others's explanation, he will feel understanding.
If a person becomes a successful lawyer, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person enjoys his lunch, he will feel content.
If a person thinks of a past trauma, he will feel distressed.
If a person is unable to bear this, he wants to cry.
If a person gets help from friends, he gets better as a result.
If a person is bathed, he feels clean as a result.
If a person receives recognition, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person struggles with a problem, he will feel frustrated.
If a person treats himself, he will feel content.
If a person decides to join the party, he will feel happy.
If a person hears a squeaking door, he wants to fix the squeaking door.
If a person asks for a treat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is in great danger, he will feel afraid.
If a person overcomes fear, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person regrets not finishing, he wants to finish.
If a person expects difficulty, he will feel worried.
If a person has terrible news, he feels terrible as a result.
If a person struggles with the high rate of taxes, he will feel frustrated.
If a person made a good decision, he is proud of himself as a result.
A person gets himself a bath in order to feel clean.
If a person is easily offended, he will feel angry.
If a person hears the good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person's depression is severe, he will feel hopeless.
A person meets with her mother in order to talk to her mother.
If a person trains at the gym, he is seen as physically fit.
If a person regrets her words, he wants to say sorry.
A person keeps it in the family in order to maintain the family's legacy.
If a person gets the Job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets good reception, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is attacked by hooligans, he is injured as a result.
A person rushes to get ready in order to be on time.
If a person tries out a new soft drink, he wants to drink it.
If a person resolves the issue, he will feel happy.
A person organizes a clean-up day in order to keep the environment clean.
If a person dances to a tune, he will feel energetic.
If a person invites his neighbors to dinner, he wants to get to know his neighbors.
A person works diligently in order to be successful.
If a person has a power, he will feel in control.
If a person finds his new home, he will feel at home.
If a person is enjoying himself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person signs up for therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person is invited by a stranger, he wants to talk to the stranger.
If a person attends dinner with others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person worries that others is missing, he wants to find PersonY.
A person participates in protest in order to express his opinion.
If a person thinks they are in trouble, he will feel stressed.
If a person eats a restaurant meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts a plan in motion, he wants to finish his plan.
A person joins the peace march in order to make a difference.
If a person enjoys the countryside, he will feel content.
If a person learns to defend himself, he will feel empowered.
If a person has a crash, he is injured as a result.
If a person is successful in a negotiation, he is seen as shrewd.
If a person likes an idea, he wants to pursue the idea.
If a person partakes in a feast, he will feel content.
A person follows the news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person completes an elite internship, he will feel successful.
If a person travels to the tropics, he will feel content.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he will feel happy.
If a person has known others for a very long time, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person buys others a new horse, he will feel pleased.
A person walks through a park in order to be outside.
To succeeds in a difficult project, one needs to work hard.
If a person gets a good price, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives a threatening message, he is scared as a result.
If a person has become like a family member, he is loved by the family as a result.
If a person takes lots of photos, he is seen as a good photographer.
If a person's conscience gets the better of him, he wants to make amends.
If a person challenges others to a wrestling match, he wants to win.
If a person and others are calm, he will feel relaxed.
If a person begins a scheme, he will feel clever.
A person faces facts in order to be truthful.
If a person is eager to learn, he will feel inspired.
If a person finds the right room, he is pleased with the room as a result.
If a person discovers a terrible flaw, he wants to fix it.
A person takes swimming lessons in order to be a better swimmer.
If a person believes in people, he wants to help people.
If a person falls for Mike, he wants to stay with Mike.
If a person has a workout, he will feel energetic.
If a person makes love, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person has a good ear for music, he is a talented musician as a result.
If a person keeps an appointment, he will feel on time.
If a person's father gets angry at , he is yelled at by his father as a result.
If a person explores a new idea, he will feel inspired.
A person tries to get out of the way in order to avoid conflict.
If a person acquires knowledge of others's whereabouts, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person decides to settle down, he will feel happy.
If a person goes back to counseling, he gets better as a result.
If a person is consistent with himself, he will feel secure.
A person promises to take better care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person runs into an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person's illness is severe, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person claims his prize, he will feel happy.
A person makes a commitment in order to keep his word.
If a person breaks a rib, he is in pain as a result.
If a person eats up his food, he will feel full.
If a person shows his latest purchase, he will feel pleased.
A person plans to go away in order to be alone.
If a person is known to be generous, he is praised by others as a result.
If a person attends a support group, he gets help as a result.
If a person is rewarded for hard work, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a person who thinks everything has some meaning, he wants to know everything.
If a person stands his ground, he will feel confident.
If a person grows stronger, he will feel powerful.
If a person hears the most shocking news, he gets upset as a result.
If a person learns to get along with others, he makes friends as a result.
If a person goes to his favorite restaurant, he will feel content.
If a person bears some guilt, he wants to feel better.
If a person is able to speak out, he will feel heard.
If a person acknowledges others's success, he is happy for PersonY as a result.
If a person notices something very strange, he wants to know what it is.
If a person doesn't want to leave a bad impression, he wants to be polite.
If a person is in the wrong, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person does an important task, he will feel competent.
A person decides to stop somewhere in order to stop and think.
A person tries to get a new job in order to be more successful.
If a person has good sex, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts to dig, he will feel determined.
If a person tries to do it, he wants to succeed.
If a person receives congratulations, he will feel happy.
A person and others stop to talk in order to share a moment with PersonY.
A person goes for a morning walk in order to get exercise.
If a person reads up about it, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person sticks to the matter in order to finish the task.
A person goes back to see the person in order to resolve the situation.
A person tests her powers of persuasion in order to be able to persuade others.
If a person works out at the gym, he wants to be in better shape.
A person escapes in a ship in order to be independent.
If a person learns other skills, he is more skilled as a result.
A person makes a mad dash for the school in order to get to school on time.
If a person is independent, he will feel self-confident.
If a person strikes up a conversation with others, he will feel connected.
If a person becomes a member of his class, he will feel successful.
If a person plays with the children, he has fun with the children as a result.
A person looks for his younger brother in order to be reunited with his brother.
A person takes on a lot of work in order to earn money.
If a person works hard for money, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others get the money, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person investigates the situation, he will feel interested.
If a person joins a book club, he wants to read more.
A person sends messages to and fro in order to keep in touch with the others.
If a person’s pet elephant goes missing, he searches for the elephant as a result.
If a person overcomes obstacles, he is successful as a result.
If a person finds a rare book, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to play poker in order to be a good poker player.
If a person adjusts to a new environment, he will feel happy.
If a person volunteers for community service, he will feel happy.
If a person proves a point, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fixes a mistake, he will feel accomplished.
If a person found a good apartment, he wants to move in.
If a person puts on a show for others, he will feel excited.
If a person practices talking, he is able to talk as a result.
If a person walks around in the morning, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person has done the job, he will feel proud.
A person makes a hasty exit in order to be free of the situation.
If a person visits her favorite restaurant, he has a good time as a result.
If a person finds an object of value, he buys the object as a result.
If a person organizes a special birthday party, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a new idea, he wants to work on the idea.
If a person has studied English for a long time, he has improved his English as a result.
If a person succeeds at something, he will feel proud.
A person goes to the doctor's office in order to get better.
If a person advances a cause, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks about things, he will feel curious.
A person explains others's words in order to understand PersonY.
If a person reads a book on astronomy, he will feel curious.
If a person gets ready for the journey, he will feel eager.
If a person overcomes her fears, he gains confidence as a result.
A person had to continue in order to finish the task.
If a person succeeds in her scheme, he will feel triumphant.
A person fixes the dishwasher in order to make sure the dishwasher is working properly.
A person gets back to the gym in order to be healthy.
If a person plays with her new toy, he will feel content.
If a person made a career out of it, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person makes a horrifying discovery, he is upset as a result.
If a person decides to do this every year, he is happy to do it as a result.
If a person starts to explore, he will feel free.
If a person invites friends to a gathering, he wants to have fun.
If a person takes on the challenge, he will feel motivated.
A person avoids jumping to conclusions in order to be more careful.
If a person begins to feel better, he will feel happy.
If a person begins training, he wants to get stronger.
If a person learns self-worth, he wants to feel good about himself.
A person interviews personY in order to know more about personY.
A person waits for her father in order to be with her father.
If a person indulges in comfort food, he will feel content.
If a person shows off his new tattoo, he will feel proud.
A person returns to his office in order to be at work.
If a person is yelled at by a strange person, he is upset as a result.
If a person solves a case, he will feel smart.
If a person begins to meditate, he gains inner peace as a result.
A person buys something for others in order to be generous.
A person talks to others alone in order to be alone with PersonY.
If a person has a respectable position, he will feel respected.
If a person contributes to the religious organization, he will feel responsible.
If a person starts to change, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person is exposed as a slacker, he will feel ashamed.
If a person cracks his knee, he will feel in pain.
A person buys dinner for his friends in order to make his friends happy.
If a person buys a dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person doesn't understand something, he will feel confused.
A person is a student at X University in order to get a degree.
If a person continues to speak up for others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person goes out for a meal in order to enjoy a nice meal.
If a person pays attention to the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person goes back to the farm in order to get back to his roots.
If a person finds a boyfriend, he is happy as a result.
A person looks inside the locker in order to know what is inside.
If a person achieves her goals, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is agitated because of something that happened, he wants to calm down.
If a person joins a gym, he wants to be in shape.
If a person is friendly to others, he is popular with PersonY as a result.
If a person realizes others was hiding something, he wants to find out what PersonY was hiding.
If a person works on his hobby, he wants to do more of his hobby.
A person helps others finish the job in order to help PersonY.
If a person knows how to cook a lot of good dishes, he will feel competent.
A person is cleaning his room in order to be organized.
If a person watches a new movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes a dislike to someone, he wants to avoid that person.
A person talks with the unborn child in order to know about the child.
If a person said a prayer, he will feel comforted.
If a person finds others and praises them, he will feel proud.
A person is running in the park in order to get some exercise.
If a person performs effectively, he will feel confident.
If a person cannot stand it, he gets angry as a result.
If a person earns others's thanks, he will feel appreciated.
A person arranges the room in order to keep the room tidy.
If a person becomes a part of the family, he will feel loved.
If a person becomes very curious, he learns about a new topic as a result.
If a person drinks more wine, he becomes a heavy drinker as a result.
If a person tries to improve his life, he makes some changes as a result.
A person practices breaking bricks in order to be a good brick breaker.
If a person attends the celebration, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a confrontation, he feels upset as a result.
If a person convinces others to stay, he will feel happy.
If a person is making progress, he will feel happy.
If a person prepares well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes more college courses, he will feel busy.
If a person invests in the market, he makes money as a result.
If a person gets her man, he will feel happy.
If a person ponders how to answer a question, he wants to figure out the answer.
If a person feels strongly about something, he wants to express his feelings.
If a person enjoys a change of pace, he wants to travel.
A person changes the way he uses it in order to be able to do it better.
If a person reaches her goals, he will feel accomplished.
If a person had to do everything on her own, he will feel alone.
If a person feels a strong dislike for others, he is not friends with PersonY as a result.
If a person goes to a movie with others, he will feel entertained.
A person writes letter to an old friend in order to communicate with her friend.
If a person is the perfect husband, he is admired by his wife as a result.
If a person achieves a goal, he will feel proud.
If a person is dressed and made up, he looks great as a result.
If a person's stock rises, he will feel confident.
If a person keeps his books straight, he is a good student as a result.
If a person sees something wrong, he wants to fix it.
A person always helps others in order to be a good friend.
A person talks to his friends in order to keep in touch with his friends.
If a person has a stable job, he has money as a result.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person changes for the better, he becomes more confident as a result.
A person obtains a good night's sleep in order to be well rested.
If a person helps her mother with some chores, he will feel helpful.
A person asks a survey question in order to know the results.
If a person finds himself a wife, he will feel satisfied.
If a person remembers to take his daily medication, he will feel relieved.
If a person goes along with it, he will feel okay.
If a person learns to shoot basketballs, he becomes a better basketball player as a result.
If a person admits that  did something wrong, he wants to not do it again.
If a person has an internal struggle, he will feel frustrated.
If a person and others fight the good fight, he will feel determined.
If a person worries about his mother, he wants to take care of his mother.
If a person plans ahead, he will feel in control.
If a person drinks too much alcohol, he will feel inebriated.
If a person wants to help others, he is a good person as a result.
If a person becomes a better person, he will feel happier.
A person tries to start a conversation in order to be sociable.
A person returns to their childhood home in order to reconnect with their past.
If a person is drawn to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person ends a dispute between two friends, he will feel victorious.
A person spent a few minutes talking to others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he does something nice for PersonY as a result.
If a person worries about others's well-being, he wants to protect PersonY.
A person puts the luggage in a closet in order to keep the luggage out of sight.
If a person kept on eye on the activity, he will feel alert.
If a person reads a book about self-defense, he learns to defend himself as a result.
A person organizes the dance contest in order to make the contest a success.
If a person and others remember the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person is self-sufficient, he will feel confident.
If a person putts his ball in the hole, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes to do things, he gets things done as a result.
If a person practices her ballet, he gains skill as a result.
If a person starts working on an idea, he will feel motivated.
A person gets dressed up for a concert in order to look good.
A person made sure others understood in order to help PersonY.
If a person listens to a particular song, he enjoys the song as a result.
A person prepares to drive away in order to be on his own.
If a person likes to learn languages, he will feel challenged.
A person leads a separate life in order to live a different life.
If a person rides on a bike, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person sticks it to the man, he will feel righteous.
If a person studies a lot, he will feel productive.
If a person learns to love, he wants to love more.
If a person helps others and others, he is seen as a good friend.
If a person decides to have a rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person encounters a big problem, he will feel worried.
If a person has a great deal of knowledge, he will feel intelligent.
If a person pledges allegiance to others, he wants to do things PersonY wants.
If a person is already taking steps to solve the problem, he has a solution as a result.
If a person fixes a thing, he will feel content.
If a person is disturbed by the rain, he will feel anxious.
If a person commits to the activity, he enjoys the activity as a result.
A person studies more than usual in order to do well in school.
If a person comes up with the proof, he will feel confident.
If a person continues to learn, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person realizes others is stealing from him, he wants to stop PersonY from stealing.
If a person realizes what he must do, he will feel determined.
If a person attempts to comfort others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person is looking good today, he will feel confident.
A person practices softball in order to be good at softball.
If a person realises how valuable others's advice is, he wants to learn from PersonY.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he is excited about the meeting as a result.
If a person fixes the water leak, he will feel successful.
If a person discovers a secret passage, he wants to explore the secret passage.
If a person defeats a formidable enemy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has a terrible experience, he will feel sad.
A person consults an expert in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person puts on a shirt, he will feel warm.
If a person took a shower, he smells good as a result.
If a person has a bad back, he will feel in pain.
If a person grows tired of others, he wants to leave PersonY.
If a person collects contributions, he will feel supported.
If a person runs for a political office, he wants to win.
If a person is given a chance, he wants to use the opportunity.
If a person wrote down the goal, he will feel determined.
If a person hears a noise outside, he investigates as a result.
If a person provides a positive example for society, he inspires others as a result.
A person cleans up the house in order to have a clean house.
A person stops her guests from quarreling in order to keep her guests happy.
If a person sees a therapist and starts seeing things more clearly, he will feel calm.
A person joins in a political demonstration in order to be a part of the political process.
If a person gets used to sth, he will feel content.
If a person gets a lot of awards, he is seen as smart.
If a person and others enjoy themselves, he will feel delighted.
A person organizes the plan in order to make sure that the plan is executed properly.
A person buys a gift for someone in order to make someone happy.
If a person laments his condition, he wants to feel better.
A person has to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person makes a habit of gossiping, he gets a reputation for being a gossip as a result.
If a person suffers from migraine headaches, he will feel miserable.
If a person becomes aware of something, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person argues with the boyfriend, he will feel annoyed.
A person practices faithfully in order to improve her skills.
If a person and others exchange smiles, he will feel happy.
If a person volunteers to stay at school, he learns to study as a result.
If a person seems to have succeeded, he will feel proud.
A person starts to move towards others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person leads troops to the victory, he will feel confident.
If a person plays a game on the computer, he will feel amused.
A person reads the letter again in order to know what the letter says.
If a person convinces others to quit smoking, he will feel victorious.
If a person gets better and better, he will feel happy.
If a person watches old home movies, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person leans in and kisses others, he will feel happy.
If a person convinces others to come back, he will feel successful.
A person reads a little every day in order to learn.
If a person investigates the case, he is seen as thorough.
If a person begins to fall in love, he wants to stay in love.
If a person goes the bar, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person practices dance, he improves her dancing as a result.
If a person washes his hands, he has a clean hands as a result.
If a person's friend meets with a car accident, he 's friend is injured as a result.
If a person can no longer stand it, he wants to quit.
If a person decides to smile, he will feel happy.
If a person judges others to be honest, he trusts PersonY as a result.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he will feel content.
If a person clears up the matter, he is seen as efficient.
If a person and others enjoy watching the play, he will feel excited.
If a person practices cooking, he will feel motivated.
A person offers to go away with others in order to be closer to PersonY.
If a person seeks self-expression, he will feel creative.
A person flies away with some friends in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person studies twice as much, he will feel busy.
If a person addresses the problem, he makes a change as a result.
If a person has a music lesson, he wants to practice.
A person delivers news to others in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person regards others as his equal, he respects PersonY as a result.
A person takes his car to the dealership in order to get his car fixed.
If a person is in a nervous state, he wants to calm down.
If a person brags about being on time, he will feel pleased.
A person meets with others in private in order to discuss something with PersonY.
If a person starts to go out, he will feel excited.
If a person returns to the gym, he will feel healthy.
If a person puts a positive twist on it, he is happy as a result.
If a person did not see it coming, he was caught off guard as a result.
A person left for the war in order to fight for his country.
If a person does her chores, he will feel accomplished.
A person examines something in order to understand the situation.
If a person plays tricks, he will feel clever.
If a person finds a partner, he will feel happy.
A person checks out a file in order to see what is in the file.
If a person is subject to unwanted attention, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person adjusts the controls, he will feel in control.
If a person likes to take pictures, he wants to take pictures of everything.
If a person is furious at others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person sets to work, he will feel productive.
If a person gets back into school, he will feel encouraged.
If a person eventually sets up a fund, he raises money for charity as a result.
If a person studies every day, he will feel motivated.
If a person isn’t sure what to do, he will feel confused.
A person works hard in order to be good at his job.
If a person has begun to form an idea, he wants to learn more.
If a person thinks others is sincere, he wants to believe PersonY.
If a person helps to prepare dinner, he will feel helpful.
If a person adopts others's ideas, he will feel satisfied.
A person travels to far-off places in order to see the world.
If a person hears something disturbing, he is upset as a result.
If a person is at war with his thoughts, he will feel frustrated.
A person keeps a record of his exercise in order to be fit.
If a person takes medication for a long period, he recovers from an illness as a result.
If a person relaxes at home, he feels good as a result.
If a person starts doing better, he will feel confident.
A person starts things over in order to get a fresh start.
A person listens to someone’s problems in order to help.
If a person has high expectations, he wants to meet his goals.
If a person begins a search, he wants to find the answers.
If a person and others visit the sea, he and PersonY enjoy the sea as a result.
If a person exercises to relieve stress, he will feel relaxed.
A person is willing to learn in order to be better.
If a person enjoys listening to music, he will feel relaxed.
A person continues his work in order to earn money.
If a person spends the morning watching cartoons, he will feel entertained.
A person begins a new conversation in order to talk to a new person.
If a person begins piano lessons, he becomes a pianist as a result.
If a person finds a way to make money, he will feel successful.
If a person has a clear idea, he is confident as a result.
A person decides to do this every year in order to continue the tradition.
If a person gets all the rest she wants, he will feel content.
If a person helps with others's work, he will feel helpful.
A person begins to examine the situation in order to be more aware of the situation.
A person invites others to dine in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person wants to be helpful, he helps others as a result.
A person plays with some kids in order to be with other kids.
A person tries to date others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person buys his daughter something special, he will feel proud.
If a person decides to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person loves being with others, he will feel content.
A person organizes her desk in order to be efficient.
If a person gets advice from her father, he will feel understood.
If a person is out of cash, he will feel broke.
If a person reaches a new level of understanding, he will feel pleased.
A person tries a new tactic in order to make a change.
If a person gets together with others in the department, he wants to spend time with his friends.
If a person gets into a squabble, he will feel upset.
If a person really tries, he wants to be good at something.
If a person grieves about being touched, he wants to avoid being touched.
If a person develops a social life, he makes new friends as a result.
If a person meets the investigator, he is questioned as a result.
If a person puts the coat on, he will feel warm.
If a person stands up and does a little dance, he has a good time as a result.
If a person convinces others to have sex, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person wins a local competition, he will feel elated.
If a person joins a social club, he will feel happy.
If a person pays off debt, he will feel satisfied.
If a person notices something is not right, he will feel alarmed.
If a person regrets stealing, he wants to return the money.
If a person moves in with family, he feels at home as a result.
If a person and others write a story together, he will feel creative.
If a person is always taking pictures, he has lots of pictures as a result.
If a person investigates a theory, he wants to get the answer.
If a person clears things up, he will feel relieved.
If a person experiences acute hiccups, he wants to stop hiccupping.
A person decides to leave the road in order to live a life without the road.
If a person works on himself, he will feel confident.
If a person completes a job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others go boating, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person entertains guests in order to make people happy.
If a person gains something from his efforts, he will feel satisfied.
If a person’s tire is punctured, he wants to change the tire.
A person enrolls in high school in order to learn more.
If a person attends a scientific meeting, he learns about science as a result.
A person puts on an outfit in order to look good.
If a person is in too deep, he wants to get out.
A person talks to an old friend in order to get back in touch with an old friend.
A person will ask others in order to get PersonY's opinion.
If a person spends lots of time practicing, he will feel motivated.
If a person accuses others of being a fake, he wants to see PersonY's true colors.
If a person has a wreck, he will feel upset.
A person goes to a war in order to fight for his country.
If a person eats his dinner, he will feel full.
If a person is concerned about others's intentions, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person goes to bed with an aching heart, he wants to cry.
If a person feels strongly about something, he wants to get involved.
If a person shows growth in working toward a goal, he wants to continue to work toward his goal.
If a person has an excellent idea, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets stealing, he wants to apologize.
If a person has a productive day, he is happy as a result.
If a person continues to drink, he is intoxicated as a result.
If a person sees something on the horizon, he wants to see what it is.
A person and others exchange childhood stories in order to hear PersonY's stories.
If a person spends time at the museum, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds out about a murder, he investigates the murder as a result.
If a person is shown a news article, he reads the article as a result.
If a person sits and has a break, he will feel relaxed.
A person rehearses her speech in order to be prepared for a presentation.
If a person watches a sport event, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides to settle, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to study harder, he wants to get better grades.
A person dials a number in order to talk to someone.
If a person finds support, he will feel appreciated.
If a person completes a puzzle, he will feel accomplished.
If a person goes to see a psychiatrist, he is prescribed medication as a result.
If a person gets the right idea, he is pleased as a result.
If a person is in the middle of a deal, he wants to close the deal.
A person leaves before it happens in order to avoid the situation.
If a person watches something on TV, he is entertained as a result.
If a person finds out the bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person enjoys a scenic ride, he will feel exhilarated.
If a person meets with his companions, he wants to spend time with his friends.
If a person starts to learn, he will feel challenged.
If a person considers the circumstances, he wants to think about it.
If a person finds a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys the meal, he feels full as a result.
A person teaches others how to use the computer in order to help PersonY.
If a person is a fan of band1, he goes to see band1 as a result.
If a person lives well, he will feel secure.
If a person prepares an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person performs the task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes love, he will feel relaxed.
A person polishes his car in order to be clean.
A person sends a card to some people in order to express his gratitude.
If a person worries about job security, he wants to keep his job.
If a person's opinions are clearly in demand, he will feel respected.
If a person looks into the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person takes vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person goes to the city for the first time in order to explore the city.
If a person begins to move, he will feel energetic.
If a person suffers for a long time, he will feel miserable.
A person moves again in order to move to a new place.
If a person goes running in the rain, he will feel energetic.
A person puts the plan into action in order to make the plan work.
If a person helps out at a soup kitchen, he will feel compassionate.
If a person develops a new plan, he wants to implement the plan.
A person reads some books in order to learn.
If a person finds himself falling in love, he wants to stay in love.
If a person performs ablutions, he will feel clean.
If a person rereads a book, he will feel refreshed.
If a person becomes exasperated with others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
A person agrees to cook dinner in order to make dinner for his family.
If a person tries to drive, he wants to be a good driver.
A person lets it all sink in in order to process the information.
If a person and others do Yoga, he and PersonY get in shape as a result.
If a person opens an account at a bank, he is able to deposit money as a result.
A person always gets on with the job in order to be efficient.
A person plans to lead an active life in order to be in control of his life.
If a person gets a raise, he will feel pleased.
A person reads literature in order to improve her mind.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he is calm as a result.
A person wants to go for a walk in order to enjoy the fresh air.
If a person does it well, he will feel confident.
If a person wins in a race, he will feel confident.
If a person gets into a squabble, he will feel irritated.
A person visits the old friend in order to spend time with the old friend.
If a person has a bout of depression, he wants to feel better.
If a person tries the idea, he will feel motivated.
If a person rekindles an old flame, he will feel happy.
If a person reads the script, he will feel interested.
If a person meets his true love, he wants to get married.
If a person puts on a coat and gloves, he is warm as a result.
If a person takes the job, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys a cup of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
A person gives it a try in order to see what it's like.
If a person finds it to be best, he will feel content.
If a person finds the perfect gift for her mother, he will feel pleased.
A person takes the children for a walk in order to spend time with the children.
A person investigates others's guilt in order to find out the truth.
If a person and others go somewhere together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person eats well for a day, he will feel healthy.
If a person takes part in a get-together, he wants to spend time with his friends.
If a person is worried about the children, he wants to keep the children safe.
If a person gets the big break, he is happy as a result.
A person enrolls in a school in order to learn more.
If a person gets into the gym, he wants to stay in shape.
A person makes time to exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person has lots of fun, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets power, he will feel strong.
If a person works on the garden, he plants flowers as a result.
If a person takes a two-week vacation, he will feel rested.
A person talks frequently in order to communicate with others.
If a person talks to others and considers the possibilities, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person gets into bed with others, he will feel intimate.
If a person worries about her children, he wants to spend time with her children.
If a person takes a long vacation, he will feel relaxed.
A person and others has a conversation in order to discuss something with PersonY.
If a person comes from a rich family, he has a lot of money as a result.
If a person studies others's genealogy, he wants to know more about PersonY's family.
If a person eventually gets married, he will feel happy.
If a person is unhappy with work, he wants to quit.
If a person has an interesting idea, he wants to try it.
A person gets up and moves in order to move on.
If a person uses his shopping time effectively, he is able to buy something as a result.
If a person feels affection for others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person fights for moral rights, he wants to be a good person.
If a person takes on a new challenge, he will feel excited.
If a person checks out the movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person really appreciates seeing a counselor, he will feel relieved.
If a person becomes a storyteller, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person finishes an article, he will feel accomplished.
If a person lays down on the grass, he will feel relaxed.
A person practices at the piano in order to improve her skills.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he will feel loved.
A person has a chat with her mother in order to know more about her mother.
If a person gets into a brawl, he will feel enraged.
If a person learned to speak a new language, he wants to speak the language fluently.
If a person finds out more, he wants to know more.
A person is eager to speak in order to express her feelings.
If a person goes into the computer, he learns to use the computer as a result.
If a person tends to the baby, he gets to know the baby as a result.
A person puts others on the phone in order to help PersonY.
If a person declares it to be acceptable, he will feel confident.
If a person realizes he doesn’t know the rules, he wants to learn the rules.
If a person starts eating a lot, he will feel full.
A person reads others's article in order to see what PersonY wrote.
If a person promises to return the favour, he will feel appreciated.
If a person discovers evidence, he wants to investigate.
If a person takes charge of the committee, he will feel powerful.
If a person regrets its actions, he wants to make amends.
A person decides to get a lawyer in order to defend himself.
A person makes personY an honest offer in order to help personY.
If a person teaches her children to drive, he ’s children are good drivers as a result.
If a person writes an important report, he will feel productive.
If a person performs a comedy routine, he gets laughs as a result.
If a person tries to change, he wants to be a better person.
If a person takes advantage of a business opportunity, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new stereo, he will feel pleased.
If a person took an art class, he will feel artistic.
A person starts to work in order to earn money.
If a person will do something to please others, he will be happy as a result.
If a person says he has not eaten for days, he is hungry as a result.
If a person has a high evaluation score, he is seen as good at his job.
If a person reads a newspaper in the train, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person listens to a radio broadcast, he hears the news as a result.
If a person prefers to sit outside, he will feel content.
If a person gets to go on vacation, he will feel thrilled.
If a person agrees to others's proposal, he will feel pleased.
If a person happens to finish the task, he will feel rewarded.
If a person feels that others treats her unfairly, he wants to be treated fairly.
If a person is the best I know, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person drives to the library, he reads a book as a result.
If a person works out a plan, he will feel accomplished.
If a person discovers a new training technique, he wants to learn the technique.
If a person observes the public, he will feel curious.
A person buys a new dishwasher in order to be able to wash dishes more easily.
If a person gets hit in the eye, he gets a black eye as a result.
If a person finds a new pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person decides to take time off, he will feel rested.
If a person's job is stressful, he will feel tense.
A person asks the clerk in order to get information.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he wants to use the information.
If a person has eaten lunch, he will feel full.
If a person regrets the whole idea, he wants to cancel the whole thing.
If a person turns on the engine, he will feel in control.
If a person is exercising, he is getting fit as a result.
If a person rests in the shade, he will feel content.
If a person expresses appreciation, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a pet rabbit, he loves the rabbit as a result.
If a person joins a support group, he learns to cope with her feelings as a result.
If a person is trained to work with the disadvantaged, he helps the disadvantaged as a result.
If a person follows a routine, he will feel organized.
If a person is reading, he will feel interested.
If a person brings home a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes aware of something strange, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person remembers others’s needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person brings the matter to an end, he will feel in control.
If a person gains a few new friends, he will feel good.
If a person is dressed up in a special outfit, he will feel confident.
If a person chooses the best hotel, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to stay on the same job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets an appointment with a doctor, he wants to get better.
If a person began to eat better, he will feel good.
If a person becomes the man of the house, he will feel respected.
If a person creates own schedule, he will feel in control.
A person tries to take others's hand in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person confides to others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is concerned about expenses, he wants to save money.
If a person investigates a theory, he will feel interested.
If a person is taking charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person mentions the problem, he wants to know what to do.
If a person learns new self-defense skills, he will feel strong.
If a person reads the latest Harry Potter book, he will feel entertained.
If a person ask others for some medicine, he wants to get better.
If a person happens to fall down, he is hurt as a result.
If a person finds a souvenir, he wants to take it home.
If a person reads the magazine, he will feel interested.
If a person regrets the event, he wants to avoid the event.
A person questions the situation in order to know the truth.
A person walks in the right direction in order to reach his goal.
If a person finds a way to make the year easier, he will feel pleased.
If a person engages in politics, he will feel passionate.
A person sticks to his beliefs in order to be consistent.
If a person improves his reputation, he becomes popular as a result.
If a person doesn’t feel well today, he will feel unhappy.
A person works on something at home in order to be productive.
If a person fixes the leak, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a newspaper article, he wants to read the article.
A person puts on the finishing touches in order to make sure everything is perfect.
If a person starts having sex, he has sex with several women as a result.
A person reports for work in order to be productive.
If a person accepts others's congratulations, he is pleased with PersonY's gesture as a result.
If a person disagrees with the choice, he will feel unhappy.
If a person wins the championship, he will feel happy.
If a person sees to it that, he will feel confident.
If a person moves on with his life, he will feel free.
If a person is in the market, he wants to buy some food.
If a person is concerned about others, he is kind to others as a result.
If a person fears a fire, he wants to be safe.
If a person has an emotional breakdown, he will feel devastated.
If a person is going to a party, he will feel excited.
If a person takes a week long vacation, he will feel rested.
A person tries to drive safely in order to avoid an accident.
If a person is on the right track, he will feel optimistic.
If a person gains others’s affection, he wants to be liked by PersonY.
If a person observes him, he will feel curious.
If a person decides to settle down, he will feel secure.
If a person dresses for a hike, he will feel well-dressed.
A person gets others a very special birthday present in order to make PersonY happy.
A person wishes to go home in order to see his family.
If a person joins a club, he will feel motivated.
If a person immediately regrets the action, he wants to avoid the situation.
If a person has something new to worry about, he will feel scared.
If a person attended a seminar, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person reads the textbook in order to understand the topic.
If a person gets in touch with her emotions, he wants to express her feelings.
If a person selects clothes for her trip, he is well dressed as a result.
If a person is thinking about the next assignment, he wants to get it done.
A person gives the kid a bath in order to help the kid.
If a person enjoys the silence, he will feel calm.
If a person is having sex, he will feel passionate.
If a person gets attacked by others, he is injured as a result.
If a person receives the long-awaited news, he will feel relieved.
If a person reads a new theory, he is interested in the theory as a result.
If a person attends a debate, he will feel challenged.
If a person is a professional storyteller, he is a famous storyteller as a result.
If a person accepts it with courage, he will feel calm.
If a person devotes her time to God, he is happy as a result.
If a person ends up on top, he will feel triumphant.
If a person considers others's proposition, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person starts to change in order to be a better person.
A person cuts down on smoking in order to improve his health.
If a person handles it beautifully, he will feel pleased.
If a person throws the perfect party, he will feel pleased.
A person speaks with others again in order to see PersonY again.
If a person gives a very good speech, he will feel pleased.
If a person is honored by others, he will feel respected.
A person makes a trip to the store in order to get some supplies.
A person gives his mother flowers in order to make his mother happy.
If a person grabs some food, he will feel full.
If a person decides to become an entrepreneur, he starts a business as a result.
If a person listens to suggestions, he will feel open.
A person looks into the water in order to see what is in the water.
If a person regrets putting the cat outside, he wants to bring the cat inside.
If a person gets to the point, he will feel understood.
A person called others back in order to see PersonY again.
If a person is making plans, he will feel excited.
If a person joins a social club, he wants to meet new people.
If a person has retrieved the merchandise, he will feel satisfied.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he is devastated as a result.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he will feel happy.
If a person asks a woman out, he wants to date her.
A person asks to come with others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person has a friendly chat, he will feel at ease.
A person is talking about it in order to tell others about it.
A person takes the offensive in order to be in control.
A person works as a volunteer at the school in order to help the community.
If a person plays saxophone, he is good at playing the saxophone as a result.
If a person has a friendly relationship with others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person reflects on the months that just passed, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person learns to get along with others, he will feel pleased.
A person checks out the situation in order to know what is going on.
A person plans to move out of state in order to start a new life.
If a person listens to many people, he is a good listener as a result.
A person lifts up others's hand in order to help PersonY.
If a person comes to others's defence, he wants to help PersonY.
A person keeps trying to contact others in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes jogging, he will feel relaxed.
If a person clears the field, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes a course, he will feel challenged.
If a person is at a loss again, he will feel hopeless.
If a person uses his brain, he will feel intelligent.
If a person never misses a photo op, he gets to take lots of photos as a result.
A person move away in order to be independent.
If a person secures a place, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a home-cooked meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person reaches out to friends in order to be social.
If a person finishes a meal, he will feel full.
If a person tries to stay calm, he doesn’t lose his temper as a result.
A person begins traveling in order to see the world.
If a person says 'Thank you', he will feel pleased.
If a person is a nice guy, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person finishes what he started, he feels accomplished as a result.
A person and others take a vacation in order to relax and PersonY wants to have fun.
If a person plans a reunion, he will feel happy.
If a person worries that personY might not know, he wants to be sure that personY knows.
If a person receives a stinging criticism, he will feel upset.
If a person works hard for the client, he will feel accomplished.
If a person still works out, he will feel motivated.
A person volunteers to help out at the hospital in order to help people.
If a person gazes into the distance, he will feel contemplative.
If a person is reminded of a painful past, he is sad as a result.
If a person asks someone directly involved with others, he gets information about PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to buy a gift, he will feel happy.
If a person plays football with kids, he has fun as a result.
If a person runs around a house, he will feel energetic.
A person avoids making noise in order to be discreet.
A person walks along a beach in order to be in nature.
A person cleans up the pool in order to have a clean pool.
If a person listens to others with rapt attention, he will feel entertained.
If a person reads the reviews, he wants to know what the critics think.
If a person dislikes noisy places, he wants to go to a quiet place.
If a person is really easy to get along with, he will feel respected.
If a person finds a new partner, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to get a grip, he will feel determined.
If a person sees something of interest, he wants to learn more.
A person visits his brother’s house in order to be with his brother.
If a person buys a painting, he likes the painting as a result.
If a person keeps a record of his exercise, he wants to be fit.
If a person is bothered by a smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
A person visits his parents in order to spend time with his family.
If a person grows out of it, he will feel good.
If a person’s decision angers people, he gets a lot of criticism as a result.
If a person meets a stranger at the party, he and the stranger have a conversation as a result.
If a person gets an appointment with the doctor, he wants to get better.
If a person is graceful on others's asking, he will feel confident.
If a person builds up business success, he will feel confident.
A person gets the house painted in order to make the house look nice.
If a person aims for a single target, he will feel determined.
A person carries out her plan in order to make her plan work.
If a person and others visit a good place together, he will feel peaceful.
If a person tries out for a sport, he wants to play the sport.
A person took a risk in order to do something new.
If a person laughs and talks, he will feel happy.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he will feel interested.
If a person looks at the broken objects, he will feel curious.
If a person overcomes fear, he will feel strong.
A person tries to fight back in order to stand up for herself.
If a person begins to pray, he will feel comforted.
If a person is constantly concerned about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person jogs to work, he will feel energetic.
A person sends money to friends in order to help his friends.
A person drives to others's home in order to see PersonY.
If a person buys a new PC, he is happy with his new PC as a result.
If a person visits an exhibition, he will feel interesting.
If a person takes a little rest, he is refreshed as a result.
A person tells others to take the exam in order PersonY to pass the exam.
If a person is not satisfied, he is angry as a result.
If a person sets out to explain her ideas, he is seen as insightful.
A person gets a full-time job in order to earn money.
If a person cares about ethics, he is an ethical person as a result.
A person helps others prepare for an exam in order to help PersonY.
If a person sits on a cushion, he will feel comfortable.
If a person encounters something new, he wants to know more.
If a person is under attack, he will feel afraid.
If a person completes the routine, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he is kind to others as a result.
If a person begins to learn, he wants to learn more.
If a person agrees to see others again, he will feel pleased.
If a person dines at a restaurant, he will feel full.
If a person and others engage in vigorous intercourse, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person starts running for mayor, he will feel hopeful.
A person gets others some water in order to help PersonY.
If a person discusses the possibilities, he will feel curious.
A person goes into a vehicle in order to go somewhere.
A person continues to push forward in order to succeed.
If a person asks about it, he wants to know more.
If a person thinks over things, he wants to make decisions.
A person goes to a clinic in order to have a check up.
If a person is amazed at what others says, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person lays in the sun, he will feel content.
If a person has the chance to eat lunch, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person is in bed with the lights off, he will feel peaceful.
A person gets ready for college in order to get a good education.
If a person convinces others to accept his position, he will feel successful.
If a person takes a piano lesson, he will feel competent.
A person decides to settle down in order to be a family man.
If a person reads a journal from her father, he learns about her father as a result.
If a person wears some nice clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person enjoys reading French literature, he will feel inspired.
If a person joins the boxing team, he gets into shape as a result.
If a person questions why others is angry, he finds out why PersonY is angry as a result.
A person goes on an expedition in order to discover new things.
If a person is fed well, he will feel full.
If a person puts on the covers, he will feel cozy.
If a person thinks it's gone too far, he wants to stop.
If a person enrolls in graduate school, he will feel excited.
If a person works out his problems, he feels better as a result.
If a person attended a reception, he will feel entertained.
If a person finds the right words, he will feel pleased.
A person talks to Heather in order to tell Heather something.
If a person recalls that others is very friendly, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person stands up and does a little dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person starts making progress, he will feel happy.
A person asks question to experts in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person runs into others at the mall, he has a conversation with PersonY as a result.
If a person regrets having gotten a tattoo, he wants to get rid of the tattoo.
A person tries to speak English in order to learn English.
If a person promises to help someone, he will feel good.
A person is going to share this with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person improves his lifestyle, he will feel confident.
If a person has a successful marriage, he will feel content.
If a person comes to like others more, he wants to be more like PersonY.
A person serves in a community in order to be helpful.
If a person brings others to the ocean, he and PersonY have fun at the beach as a result.
A person has to act quickly in order to get the job done.
If a person succeeds in studying, he will feel pleased.
If a person is picking up the pace, he will feel in control.
If a person performs numerous errands, he is a busy person as a result.
A person goes ahead with her work in order to get ahead.
If a person finds someone to love, he will feel joyful.
If a person finds others cheating, he tells PersonY to stop as a result.
A person ask others in order to know PersonY's opinion.
If a person has a comfortable chair, he will feel content.
If a person goes to an art exhibit, he likes the exhibit as a result.
If a person thinks back to a pleasant memory, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person participates in a competition, he will feel challenged.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he doesn’t do it again as a result.
If a person looks around for themself, he will feel independent.
If a person believes in the freedom of choice, he wants to make his own choices.
If a person is ashamed of his plans, he wants to change his plans.
If a person shows off his stuff, he will feel superior.
If a person objects to racism, he wants to fight racism.
If a person enjoys a day off, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person watches movies and television shows, he is entertained as a result.
A person practices being polite in order to be well liked.
A person takes others to doctor in order to help PersonY.
If a person runs for the election, he wants to win.
If a person buys a lot of coffee, he will feel caffeinated.
If a person is haunted by what others did, he will feel sad.
If a person gets soup, he will feel full.
If a person puts his clothes on, he will feel prepared.
If a person tries to do better, he will feel motivated.
If a person attempts to stop using drugs, he will feel determined.
If a person becomes a victim of violence, he is hurt as a result.
A person invites others to a barbeque in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person perceives some-thing, he wants to know what it is.
If a person reexamines others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person listens to quiet music, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has too many demands on his time, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person trains 2-5 times a day, he wants to be fit.
If a person gets engaged, he is happy as a result.
If a person improves his reputation, he will feel pleased.
If a person puts an end to the dispute, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes swimming lessons, he becomes a better swimmer as a result.
If a person is excited about his new car, he wants to drive it.
If a person wonders how it will all end, he will feel anxious.
A person sticks to school work in order to get good grades.
If a person eats his meal, he will feel full.
If a person tries to understand politics, he learns to understand politics as a result.
A person avoids others's phone calls in order to be free from PersonY's demands.
A person clears up the matter in order to make things right.
If a person has a good imagination, he wants to make up stories.
A person completes an English homework assignment in order to improve her English.
If a person has a walk on the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has learned to communicate, he will feel understood.
If a person learns to play basketball, he becomes a better basketball player as a result.
If a person is loosing an argument, he will feel irritated.
A person mows the lawn in order to make the lawn look nice.
If a person gets a good bargain, he will feel pleased.
If a person is having trouble sleeping, he will feel restless.
If a person sits down to watch a film, he is entertained as a result.
If a person considers doing something unwise, he doesn’t do it as a result.
If a person succeeds at work, he will feel pleased.
A person wants to tell others in order to be honest.
If a person raises the suspicions of others, he is questioned by PersonY as a result.
If a person meets others’s mother, he learns about PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person discovers a website, he wants to visit the website.
A person goes to a dentist in order to keep his teeth healthy.
If a person survives the storm, he gets home safely as a result.
If a person is resigned to his lot, he will feel at peace.
If a person went out for a walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person takes good care of his pet, he has a healthy pet as a result.
If a person needs to get somewhere, he will feel hurried.
A person makes plans to attend the ball in order to be a part of the social scene.
If a person doubts his decision, he wants to know if he made the right choice.
If a person advertises his business, he wants to get more customers.
A person working hard in order to be the best.
If a person gets threatened, he will feel afraid.
If a person is shown a way out, he wants to get out of the house.
A person tries to be enthusiastic in order to make people happy.
If a person does more research, he will feel curious.
If a person loses an hour’s sleep, he will feel groggy.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he has a great time as a result.
A person investigates situations in order to find out the truth.
If a person is not coping, he will feel hopeless.
A person moves from one apartment to another in order to have a different place to live.
If a person returns to her home town, he wants to see her family.
If a person is befuddled, he wants to understand.
If a person flirts with the stranger, he will feel excited.
If a person recognizes others's authority, he wants to follow PersonY's orders.
If a person wins others's support, he will feel happy.
If a person takes selfies, he has a lot of pictures as a result.
If a person considers possibilities again, he will feel curious.
A person puts a load in the washing machine in order to get his clothes clean.
If a person is enlightened, he will feel content.
If a person eats something delicious, he will feel content.
If a person's life is in order, he will feel at peace.
If a person's gout flares up, he will feel in pain.
If a person writes for a living, he will feel creative.
If a person saw the movie, he will feel entertained.
A person decides to visit a place in order to see a new place.
If a person becomes a success, he is admired by his peers as a result.
A person gets more cautious in order to avoid any mistakes.
If a person makes a wise decision, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others starts dating, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person and others's relationship is renewed, he and PersonY are happier as a result.
If a person dominates others, he will feel in control.
If a person has a new outlook, he is happier as a result.
If a person is chosen to take over the class, he will feel empowered.
If a person resents others’s behavior, he wants to stop PersonY from doing what he does.
If a person studies an instrument, he learns to play as a result.
If a person is an activist, he wants to change the world.
A person waters the grass in order to make the lawn look nice.
A person gives it to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person convinces others to change his mind, he will feel confident.
A person works for hours in order to get the job done.
A person continues to act normally in order to maintain a normal life.
If a person and others go to a karaoke, he will feel entertained.
If a person is accepted to an exclusive club, he will feel happy.
A person visits others in jail again in order to help PersonY.
If a person thinks that others has a task for him, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person gets a job in the big city, he has a good job as a result.
If a person strives to please others, he gains the approval of PersonY as a result.
If a person looks after himself, he is healthy as a result.
A person decides to start building a home in order to be self sufficient.
If a person considers two points of view, he learns to think as a result.
If a person won a medal in a contest, he will feel proud.
A person redecorates her house in order to be in control of her surroundings.
If a person joins a volunteer service, he will feel motivated.
If a person starts a serious project, he will feel excited.
A person changes the television channel in order to watch a different show.
A person decides to go on another way in order to make a change.
If a person hears the good news, he will feel excited.
A person speaks to others about it in order to have a discussion with PersonY.
If a person goes to work at the hospital, he will feel busy.
If a person has an eye for business, he wants to start a business.
A person visits personZ in order to get to know personZ.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he wants to take the offer.
If a person gets instructions, he reads the instructions as a result.
A person builds a small house for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person encounters a guru, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he will feel excited.
A person learns to type fast in order to be a better typist.
If a person considers what’s expected of her, he wants to do what’s expected of her.
If a person delivers a public speech, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person moves into a luxurious home, he will feel thrilled.
If a person likes his new apartment, he will feel content.
A person attempts to make conversation in order to be social.
If a person practices his speech, he wants to get better at public speaking.
If a person practices shooting, he improves his shooting as a result.
If a person gets over the hurdle, he will feel triumphant.
If a person feels down in the dumps, he wants to feel better.
If a person stands up to the principal, he will feel courageous.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel happy.
If a person remembers their promise, he wants to keep their promise.
If a person hurts his shoulder, he wants to get his shoulder fixed.
If a person decides to get a better job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person enjoys a walk in the woods, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a very healthy breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person knows the sky isn't right, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person practices at the firing range, he will feel challenged.
If a person collects and groups, he will feel organized.
If a person wants to be polite, he does not offend as a result.
If a person engages in an accident, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person makes an art piece, he will feel accomplished.
A person is dressed warmly in order to be comfortable.
If a person is badly in need of help, he wants to ask for help.
A person and others has sex in order to be intimate with PersonY.
If a person decides to watch a movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person gives her mother a hug, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks others has changed, he is pleased with PersonY’s new attitude as a result.
If a person is impressed with others's knowledge, he admires PersonY as a result.
If a person studies the reading material, he will feel interested.
If a person finishes reading the book, he will feel content.
If a person talks to Amanda, he gets to know Amanda as a result.
If a person comes out ahead, he is happy as a result.
If a person works as a writer, he will feel creative.
A person gets back to hunting in order to be more active.
If a person realizes success, he will feel confident.
A person mentions what is on his mind in order to be able to share his thoughts.
If a person accepts that, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys exercise, he will feel relaxed.
A person travels frequently in order to explore the world.
If a person drinks up his victory, he will feel confident.
If a person is practicing meditation, he will feel relaxed.
A person welcomes others to church in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person has decided to have a baby, he will feel excited.
If a person stays here, he will feel comfortable.
If a person wants to be a good host, he is a good host as a result.
A person takes English classes in order to be better at English.
If a person thinks about things he’s done wrong, he feels bad as a result.
If a person shops for a new car, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to solve others's writing problems in order to help PersonY.
A person asks the questions in order to learn.
If a person is reminded of someone else, he wants to remember.
A person participates in activism in order to be a part of the community.
A person performs research in order to understand the world.
If a person starts to learn a foreign language, he wants to speak the language.
A person read an article about others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person is planning a trip, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person found a partner, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks out her family, he feels closer to her family as a result.
If a person discovers love, he will feel joyful.
If a person finds something that is annoying, he wants to find a way to get rid of it.
If a person prepares the meeting, he will feel organized.
A person walks through a park in order to be in nature.
If a person is always winning, he will feel confident.
If a person makes a good decision, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person hears others needs help, he agrees to help PersonY as a result.
If a person reads a funny paper, he will feel entertained.
A person practices the choreography in order to perform well.
A person works out hard in order to be fit.
If a person takes up running, he will feel fit.
If a person changes his attitude toward work, he wants to be a hard worker.
A person enters the supermarket in order to get food.
If a person becomes more honest, he will feel satisfied.
A person continues to push forward in order to be successful.
If a person enjoys a deep conversation, he will feel happy.
A person stays with others's family in order to be a part of PersonY's family.
If a person puts on a lot of weight, he will feel fat.
A person tells the children a story in order to entertain the children.
If a person puts in a long day, he will feel tired.
A person cleans everything thoroughly in order to be organized.
If a person sticks to a goal, he will feel motivated.
If a person wants to be with others all the time, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person writes a good comment, he will feel happy.
If a person plays the clarinet, he is a good clarinet player as a result.
If a person acquires a new car, he will feel proud.
If a person considers the evidence, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person does research on others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person cures others's ailment, he will feel satisfied.
A person returns to doing homework in order to do well in school.
If a person is bummed out, he wants to feel better.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he wants to know what happened.
If a person finds support, he feels better as a result.
A person gives others an explanation in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person remembers to take his daily medication, he feels better as a result.
If a person and others attends a lecture, he and PersonY learn something as a result.
If a person oversleeps the night before class, he will feel groggy.
If a person does yoga in her room, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person waits for others in front of the airport in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person has been feeling very low, he wants to feel better.
A person packs the day bag in order to be ready for the next day.
If a person thinks others is good at his job, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person eventually buys a home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person asks for others's support, he is supported by PersonY as a result.
If a person commits herself to a good cause, he wants to help others.
If a person gets a nice invitation, he will feel happy.
A person pays for others’s debts in order to help PersonY.
A person considers personY's response in order to know what personY thinks.
If a person has a great life, he is happy as a result.
If a person is successful in business, he earns a lot of money as a result.
A person owns up to others in order to be honest.
If a person worries about what others thinks, he wants to please PersonY.
A person encourages others to work harder in order PersonY to be successful.
If a person asks questions to get answers, he learns more about a subject as a result.
If a person is attacked in the forest, he is injured as a result.
A person tries to explain things to others in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person has a bath in the river, he will feel refreshed.
If a person works in peace, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has finally made their dream come true, he will feel proud.
If a person wins a contest, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person helps a customer, he will feel good.
A person enrolls in classes in order to get a degree.
If a person is an object of derision, he is shunned as a result.
If a person found the right information, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes real friends, he will feel valued.
A person looks into their soul in order to know what is going on inside them.
A person and others talk over a drink in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person tries to find out more, he is intrigued as a result.
If a person creates an ideal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person closes deal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person shares a special day with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person flips through a magazine, he will feel entertained.
If a person is active, he will feel excited.
If a person is utterly baffled, he will feel frustrated.
If a person ordered the meal, he is satisfied as a result.
A person is speaking on the phone in order to talk to someone.
If a person prays at church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person takes others out to eat, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person watches a drama, he will feel entertained.
If a person realizes a dream, he wants to pursue his dream.
If a person makes good on a promise, he will feel pleased.
If a person invites several other people to dinner, he gets to know more people as a result.
A person works really hard in order to be successful.
If a person goes back to a rural setting, he has a chance to reconnect with nature as a result.
If a person becomes a successful writer, he will feel satisfied.
A person makes plans to meet up in order to meet up with a friend.
A person plans to get others a gift in order to help PersonY.
If a person spends time at the beach, he will feel peaceful.
If a person questions his wife’s opinion, he wants to get a second opinion.
If a person has a feeling of accomplishment, he wants to celebrate.
If a person has fun at home, he will feel content.
If a person is stressed by studying, he will feel frustrated.
If a person starts going to the library everyday, he will feel motivated.
A person quits his job and joins the army in order to fight for his country.
If a person receives good news, he will feel excited.
If a person determines what to do, he will feel in control.
If a person sets out to clean, he cleans the house as a result.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he will feel annoyed.
If a person is being successful, he will feel satisfied.
If a person shows a good attitude, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes a leader, he will feel respected.
If a person enjoys a deep conversation, he will feel understood.
If a person goes to a better place, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a successful transaction, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a valuable business decision, he wants to make more money.
If a person is convinced of something, he wants to prove his point.
A person works hard at work, unlike others in order to be a good employee.
A person reads the article in order to learn more about the article.
If a person considers consequences, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person organizes a pool party, he gets to spend time with friends as a result.
If a person brings good home, he will feel happy.
If a person puts together the advertising campaign, he will feel creative.
If a person experiences trouble, he will feel anxious.
A person looks after others at night in order to make sure PersonY is safe.
If a person uses his tablet, he will feel entertained.
If a person suffers greatly in the end, he will feel unhappy.
A person talks others out of an action in order to prevent PersonY from making a mistake.
A person begins to see a therapist in order to work on her issues.
If a person develops a hobby, he wants to do more of that hobby.
If a person regrets a wishful dream, he wants to forget the dream.
A person arrives at the doctor's office in order to have a checkup.
If a person has been up all night writing, he will feel tired.
If a person gets his bike fixed, he will feel relieved.
If a person starts his own practice, he will feel motivated.
A person practices self-discipline in order to be a better person.
If a person gets confused about a team member, he wants to know what's going on.
A person organizes a fund-raiser in order to help others.
If a person gets paid well, he will feel successful.
If a person eats well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others discover a love for each other, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person makes a big sale, he will feel satisfied.
If a person listens with interest, he wants to know more.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to work through his problems.
If a person lost a loved one, he wants to grieve.
If a person plays the guitar well, he will feel good.
A person shops for new clothes in order to look good.
If a person learns to play the cello, he gets better at playing the cello as a result.
A person continues moving forward in order to achieve his goals.
If a person talks to everyone, he will feel outgoing.
If a person marries a nice girl, he has a happy marriage as a result.
A person decides to continue the hike in order to be outdoors.
If a person finds himself baffled by others, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person makes good choices, he will feel happy.
A person reads up on People Y's Life in order to know more about People Y.
If a person grows restless, he wants to move.
A person asks someone for a date in order to get to know someone.
If a person takes a self-defense class, he is able to defend himself as a result.
If a person sees something is not right, he will feel concerned.
A person travels by himself in order to be independent.
A person writes a friendly letter in order to express her feelings.
A person studies others's genealogy in order to learn more about PersonY.
A person saves for retirement in order to be self sufficient.
If a person appreciates others's skills, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person receives a threat, he will feel frightened.
If a person often works out, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person likes both of these examples, he will feel happy.
A person looks into their soul in order to see what they are really like.
If a person takes a writing class, he will feel creative.
A person spends most of the day at work in order to earn money.
If a person has a bad day, he wants to feel better.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he wants to apologize.
If a person feels a sense of injustice, he will feel frustrated.
If a person wears a uniform, he will feel a part of the team.
A person volunteers to help at the museum in order to be useful.
If a person decides to follow through, he will feel confident.
If a person's life is better now, he will feel happy.
If a person has been stabbed, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets bashed and bruised, he feels pain as a result.
If a person fears getting caught, he will feel nervous.
If a person takes in every detail, he wants to learn everything.
If a person believes what others said, he wants to do what PersonY said.
If a person goes into the sea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person meets with his companions, he wants to be with his friends.
A person walks to the park in order to be outdoors.
If a person makes a profit in real estate, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discovers something interesting, he is happy as a result.
If a person stops to look at a sunset, he is impressed by the view as a result.
If a person is a pro in the sack, he will feel confident.
If a person acts as a host to others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he is unhappy as a result.
A person learned French in order to be fluent in French.
A person buys a guitar in order to play the guitar.
If a person began to eat better, he will feel healthy.
A person heads to the market in order to get supplies.
If a person has a business opportunity, he wants to go to work.
A person tries to reach others by telephone in order to help PersonY.
A person and others get an apartment together in order to be with PersonY.
If a person decides to fight back, he will feel strong.
A person tries to pull others closer in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person supports the decision, he will feel happy.
A person visits her friends in order to be with her friends.
If a person moves into a new house, he will feel happy.
If a person gets new glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person finally cooked a decent meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees a potential problem, he deals with the problem as a result.
If a person learns how to be nice, he will feel compassionate.
If a person is not happy with his job, he wants to quit.
A person stops stabbing in order to stop hurting himself.
If a person gains support, he becomes popular as a result.
If a person and others get into an argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person fulfills his mission, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a passionate speech, he will feel confident.
A person returns to her parents' home in order to reconnect with her family.
A person visits his nephew in order to spend time with his nephew.
If a person gets his truck fixed, he will feel pleased.
If a person organizes her tasks, he gets her work done as a result.
If a person begins to lose track of time, he will feel lost.
A person decides to take an action in order to make a change.
If a person sticks to a goal, he achieves his goal as a result.
A person visits the place in order to learn more about the place.
If a person's existence is threatened, he will feel afraid.
If a person has earned others's loyalty, he wants to keep PersonY's loyalty.
If a person opens his heart to others, he wants to be more open.
If a person goes to a church with friends, he will feel religious.
A person go outside in order to see the world.
If a person practices for a dance competition, he is seen as a good dancer.
If a person eats a really good meal, he will feel full.
If a person is an effective speaker, he will feel confident.
If a person has done research, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person made a big effort to be friendly, he wants to be friends with everyone.
If a person tries to be a good citizen, he is a good citizen as a result.
If a person has a deep faith, he will feel confident.
If a person puts others's interests first, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person writes a great novel, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes the next step, he will feel determined.
If a person gets himself a bath, he has a relaxing bath as a result.
If a person plays sport, he will feel energetic.
If a person has an unpleasant encounter, he will feel upset.
If a person began to eat better, he will feel full.
If a person hangs out with the village committee, he learns about village politics as a result.
If a person thinks about going for a walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person goes to a market, he wants to buy some groceries.
If a person got an idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person pursues a plan, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person talks to person's relative, he learns about person's relative as a result.
If a person becomes informed, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others perform community service, he will feel committed.
If a person enjoys a long rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person spends on something nice, he will feel happy.
If a person is curious about a book, he wants to read the book.
If a person becomes cautious, he avoids danger as a result.
If a person trains 2-5 times a day, he is in shape as a result.
If a person volunteers to do the work, he will feel helpful.
If a person bought a new car, he will feel happy.
A person continues with the project in order to complete the project.
A person tries to start the engine in order to drive the car.
If a person admires others’s skills, he is interested in PersonY as a result.
If a person hires a tax adviser, he is informed of his tax obligations as a result.
A person helps out at a soup kitchen in order to help others.
A person takes the example of others in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person is a scholar, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person learned all the time, he will feel wise.
If a person starts up a shower, he will feel clean.
If a person experiences rude treatment, he will feel annoyed.
A person contacts others’s parents in order to help PersonY.
If a person eats and drinks everything, he will feel full.
If a person applies 's talent, he will feel productive.
If a person puts on the make-up, he will feel sexy.
If a person asks about, he wants to know more.
If a person is a successful negotiator, he will feel happy.
If a person snuggles up, he will feel secure.
If a person asks an interesting question, he wants to learn more.
A person studies extra hard in order to be a better student.
If a person has a miserable holiday, he is not in a good mood as a result.
If a person prefers to walk, he gets more exercise as a result.
A person breaks out his guitar in order to express himself.
If a person presents others with a big surprise, he will feel pleased.
A person explores the market in order to make money.
If a person studies the news, he learns about the world as a result.
A person takes his job more seriously in order to be successful.
A person practices dance in order to be good at dance.
If a person is unhappy with personY's offer, he wants to get a better offer.
A person examines an object in order to understand the object.
A person attends a concert in order to be a part of a cultural event.
If a person feels a lot less pressured, he will feel calm.
If a person gets used to this life, he is more confident as a result.
If a person has received a prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes suspicious, he investigates as a result.
If a person had a glass of beer, he will feel inebriated.
If a person falls deeply in love with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person addresses the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person carves out a niche, he is a success as a result.
If a person's father gives  a bath, he is clean as a result.
If a person gets some good advice, he will feel encouraged.
If a person worries about illness, he wants to be healthy.
If a person swears a sacred oath, he will feel solemn.
If a person and others fight for truth, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person engages in amateur sport, he will feel passionate.
If a person gets well organized, he will feel calm.
If a person is relaxing, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person doesn’t like others's habit, he wants to change PersonY's habit.
If a person regrets his past action, he wants to make amends.
If a person works out for two hours, he will feel fit.
If a person is fed up with her job, he wants to quit.
If a person has an encouraging word for others, he helps PersonY to feel better as a result.
If a person smashes the competition, he will feel happy.
If a person fixes the thing, he will feel confident.
If a person considers her decision, he will feel thoughtful.
A person visits a former acquaintance in order to see his old friend.
If a person learns to be assertive, he will feel powerful.
If a person discovers an important relationship, he wants to make that relationship work.
If a person makes her way to the library, he wants to study.
If a person shows sudden interest in health, he wants to exercise.
A person has to act fast in order to get the job done.
If a person puts on their running shoes, he will feel ready.
If a person gets dressed up for a concert, he will feel beautiful.
If a person and others ask for help, he and PersonY get help as a result.
If a person seeks out new experiences, he has fun as a result.
If a person listens to others's music, he likes PersonY's music as a result.
If a person jogs for exercise, he will feel fit.
If a person reads the piece, he learns something as a result.
If a person enjoys a great feast, he will feel full.
If a person makes a bad decision, he will feel regretful.
A person tries to do homework in order to be good at school.
A person goes out of town for the weekend in order to get away from the city.
If a person desires to achieve, he wants to be the best.
A person talks to the baby in order to connect with the baby.
A person visits his friend others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is relaxing, he feels happy as a result.
If a person attempts to be consistent, he achieves consistency as a result.
If a person continues to work out, he will feel healthy.
A person walks for a moment in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person continues to learn, he continues to grow as a result.
A person plans to take a trip in order to be away from home.
If a person decides on an exciting vacation, he has a great time as a result.
If a person is good at driving, he will feel in control.
If a person gets advice from mentor, he will feel guided.
If a person practices a lot to get better, he will feel determined.
A person thinks about "it" in order to understand "it".
If a person holds a hot cup of coffee, he will feel warmed.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he is a good meditator as a result.
If a person has a nice time with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person wins the final competition, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks about how to act, he decides to do something as a result.
If a person tells you what's going on, he is seen as honest.
A person carries out the program in order to complete the program.
If a person carries out his plan, he will feel successful.
If a person takes charge of things, he will feel powerful.
A person goes to work as usual in order to earn money.
A person attempts to communicate in order to be understood.
If a person doesn't handle it well, he will feel frustrated.
If a person thinks he or she has gone overboard, he wants to go back to normal.
A person is going to class in order to get an education.
If a person makes a song and dance about it, he will feel thrilled.
If a person is looking at a beautiful scenery, he is impressed by the view as a result.
A person moves into a new home in order to have a new place to live.
If a person mixes with the wrong people, he gets into trouble as a result.
A person walks along the seashore in order to be in nature.
If a person makes a point of cleanliness, he will feel pleased.
If a person hates this feeling, he wants to stop feeling this way.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he will feel relaxed.
If a person swims in the pool, he will feel refreshed.
If a person can't withstand others's attack, he gets injured as a result.
If a person has been tortured, he will feel pain.
If a person receives an explanation from others, he will feel understood.
If a person buys himself some new clothes, he will feel happy.
If a person begins a relationship with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is doubtful about it, he wants to be sure.
A person intends to see a therapist in order to be mentally healthy.
If a person is in a position of trust, he will feel confident.
If a person is successful in doing something, he will feel confident.
A person tries to say something in order to express her feelings.
If a person looks for spare parts, he gets parts for his car as a result.
If a person keeps his eyes on the road, he is careful as a result.
If a person and others think about the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person orders out for Chinese food in order to have a nice meal.
If a person makes a valuable business decision, he will feel happy.
If a person gets ready quickly, he will feel organized.
If a person and others perform community service, he will feel responsible.
A person keeps on calling others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person gets a good night's sleep in order to be rested.
A person considers a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person thinks about a serious problem, he will feel worried.
If a person works with others's friend, he gets to know PersonY's friend as a result.
If a person develops a theory, he will feel smart.
A person gives others a smile in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person is expected to do something, he will feel pressured.
If a person wears others's coat, he will feel warm.
If a person has much determination, he wants to be the best.
If a person questions others's knowledge, he wants to know more.
If a person learns from a mistake, he wants to make fewer mistakes.
A person puts in extra effort in order to get better.
If a person understands the special needs of others, he helps PersonY as a result.
A person sits down to eat with family in order to be a part of the family.
If a person heads over to others's place, he wants to hang out with PersonY.
If a person dives into the ball game, he will feel excited.
If a person acts as a part of society, he will feel connected.
If a person goes to the art gallery with friends, he likes the art as a result.
If a person undergoes a blood test, he wants to know the results.
If a person puts on a swimsuit, he will feel comfortable.
If a person disagrees with the choice, he will feel upset.
If a person takes a day off work, he will feel relaxed.
If a person reaches the prime of his career, he will feel confident.
A person corrects mistakes in order to be accurate.
If a person finally gets to work, he will feel happy.
A person goes into therapy in order to improve her life.
If a person completes the task, he will feel pleased.
If a person discusses honesty, he wants to be honest.
If a person receives affection, he is comforted as a result.
If a person gets a good bargain, he will feel happy.
If a person sees a film for the first time, he will feel intrigued.
A person performs community service in order to be a good citizen.
If a person studies diligently, he is seen as smart.
If a person eventually gets a job, he will feel successful.
If a person begins a study of history, he will feel challenged.
If a person speaks of a wonderful time he had, he will feel content.
If a person accuses others of dishonesty, he wants to prove PersonY is dishonest.
If a person gets others into an argument, he wants to get PersonY to stop arguing.
If a person is injured in an accident, he is treated in hospital as a result.
If a person goes to his doctor, he wants to get better.
A person calls someone on the phone in order to be able to talk to someone.
If a person organizes a game night, he has fun with friends as a result.
If a person works on himself, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets dressed in the morning, he gets ready for work as a result.
If a person discusses history, he learns more about history as a result.
If a person is good at playing chess, he will feel confident.
If a person manages well, he will feel competent.
If a person has his hands full, he is stressed as a result.
A person says what's on his mind in order to be honest.
If a person plans a surprise for others, he will feel excited.
If a person makes a living by writing books, he is a successful author as a result.
If a person makes a visit to others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person arranges for a meeting, he will feel organized.
If a person completes an important project, he will feel proud.
A person starts to dig in order to discover the truth.
If a person acts immediately, he will feel decisive.
If a person reaches out to friends, he will feel connected.
A person goes down to the well in order to get some water.
If a person takes a vacation in the tropics, he has a great time as a result.
If a person completes the ultimate goal, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person wins three fights, he will feel victorious.
If a person gets his chance, he will feel satisfied.
If a person regrets some action, he wants to avoid that action.
A person studies languages in order to be fluent in languages.
A person gives others her homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person is a huge success, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a nice time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person notices a mistake, he fixes the mistake as a result.
A person reaches the street in order to be outside.
If a person is studying hard, he will feel determined.
If a person achieves great success, he will feel happy.
If a person is cheated by a swindler, he loses money as a result.
If a person hears the shocking news, he is upset as a result.
A person moves quickly in order to complete a task.
If a person takes a walk down the street, he will feel relaxed.
If a person helps others learn a new subject, he will feel helpful.
A person settles down with a wife in order to have a family.
A person sets up a long-term plan in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person plans a big day, he will feel energized.
If a person questions others’s actions, he learns about PersonY’s actions as a result.
If a person is recognized for having made an outstanding achievement, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person argues with her family, he will feel upset.
If a person refuses to go along with it, he wants to change the situation.
If a person is on a deadline, he wants to be able to finish his work.
If a person discusses honesty, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person takes a longer vacation, he will feel rested.
If a person reaches a major conclusion, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others learn how to swim, he and PersonY become better swimmers as a result.
If a person gets a new pair of glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person has a chat with her mother, he has a good conversation with her mother as a result.
A person looks it up in a book in order to know more about the topic.
If a person is reminded of an error, he wants to fix the error.
If a person listens to music, he will feel calm.
If a person has a pleasant surprise, he will feel excited.
If a person joins a choir, he enjoys singing as a result.
A person gets up early in the morning in order to start the day early.
A person takes a stroll with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person told personY something in order to share something with personY.
If a person hits the whole bunch, he will feel victorious.
If a person is concerned about someone else's welfare, he wants to help.
A person examines the text in order to understand the text.
If a person uses his money wisely, he is happy as a result.
If a person expands his mind, he becomes smarter as a result.
If a person arrives to see the fireworks, he enjoys the fireworks as a result.
If a person is a successful businessman, he is wealthy as a result.
A person does more research in order to learn more about his subject.
If a person feels challenged, he wants to learn more.
If a person prepares for a club meeting, he will feel motivated.
If a person has been satisfied with it for a long time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds a source of information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is planning a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person regrets a decision, he wants to undo the decision.
If a person consults a good cookbook, he wants to eat a good meal.
If a person begins to feel remorse, he wants to feel better.
If a person receives a personal gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person is running a business, he will feel busy.
If a person gets a blow to the head, he will feel in pain.
If a person keeps himself healthy, he will feel strong.
If a person wears a suit to work, he will feel professional.
If a person admits he was wrong, he will feel remorseful.
If a person studies chess, he wants to play chess.
If a person gets to go on vacation, he will feel excited.
A person stops others from being arrested in order to help PersonY.
If a person stands up to her mother, he will feel courageous.
If a person tells the students that all must help, he gets the students to work as a result.
A person begins work in order to make money.
If a person creates a check list, he will feel productive.
If a person is completely baffled, he wants to understand.
If a person completes the test, he will feel accomplished.
A person confronts her mother in order to know the truth.
If a person goes to the other room, he wants to be alone.
A person puts an arm around others in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person goes through the schedule, he will feel controlled.
A person gives others a free hand in order to let PersonY do his job.
A person goes away from home in order to be independent.
If a person mends a friendship, he will feel happy.
If a person talks with a neighbor, he learns about neighbors as a result.
If a person arranges a "date", he will feel pleased.
If a person organizes for the trip, he will feel confident.
If a person makes peace with them, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to buy a new car, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to let others do it in order to give PersonY a chance.
If a person's attempt at humor is appreciated, he will feel pleased.
If a person acquires a piece of knowledge, he is able to solve a problem as a result.
If a person receives encouragement from others, he will feel confident.
If a person decides to call home, he wants to talk to his parents.
If a person changes her outfit to something more attractive, he will feel sexy.
If a person asks for some help, he is given some help as a result.
If a person passes the audition, he will feel pleased.
If a person volunteers to assist, he helps the community as a result.
If a person reads The Sun, he will feel informed.
If a person visits the opera, he enjoys the opera as a result.
If a person responds to others’s command, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person is a professional storyteller in order to entertain people.
If a person chooses to study every day, he will feel smart.
If a person gets treatment, he wants to get better.
If a person makes an honest attempt, he will feel motivated.
If a person knows what he is doing, he is confident as a result.
A person practices boxing in order to be in shape.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he will feel relaxed.
If a person believes that others is making progress, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
A person starts to deal with the matter in order to be able to solve the problem.
A person continues searching in order to find the truth.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he will feel calm.
If a person faces sudden danger, he will feel fearful.
If a person takes part in an exercise class, he is seen as fit.
If a person manages to change, he feels better as a result.
If a person and others do spring cleaning, he and PersonY have a clean house as a result.
If a person isn't sure what is going on, he is confused as a result.
If a person sees a bright future, he wants to achieve it.
If a person becomes nervous, he wants to calm down.
If a person has a bad life, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person gets a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns from the past, he will feel wise.
If a person is cheered on, he will feel confident.
If a person considers his options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person has found a new hobby, he wants to play more.
If a person considers and reconsiders the decision, he will feel uncertain.
If a person is having a good time with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a look around, he wants to explore.
If a person keeps it together, he will feel competent.
If a person wins at a game, he is happy as a result.
If a person goes out to a movie, he will feel relaxed.
A person sees a lawyer in order to protect his rights.
If a person considers options, he will feel thoughtful.
A person helps others get something in order to help PersonY.
If a person has high ideals, he is proud of his ideals as a result.
If a person spends a weekend with family, he gets to know his family as a result.
If a person meets a pretty girl, he likes the girl as a result.
If a person follows a set of rules, he will feel organized.
If a person takes a week's vacation, he will feel rested.
A person views others's resume in order to see PersonY's qualifications.
If a person becomes interested in others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person goes to a performance, he will feel amused.
If a person suffers because of a disease, he will feel miserable.
If a person reads the rules, he will feel understood.
If a person asks for guidance, he receives advice as a result.
If a person relaxes a little, he feels better as a result.
If a person imagines the consequences, he will feel worried.
If a person begins painting again, he enjoys painting as a result.
If a person knows how to enjoy, he will feel fulfilled.
A person tries to explain himself in order to be understood.
If a person puts on a nice suit, he will feel confident.
If a person suffers through a hard day, he will feel exhausted.
If a person resolves an issue, he will feel confident.
A person satisfies others's desires in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person buys property, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets into a conflict, he will feel tense.
If a person joins a volunteer organization, he wants to do more volunteer work.
If a person looks back on the past, he feels nostalgic as a result.
If a person pays attention to details, he has a good memory as a result.
If a person has a bill, he wants to pay the bill.
If a person likes to get water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a pleasant day, he will feel relaxed.
A person gives a show in order to entertain people.
If a person visits his old home, he remembers his childhood as a result.
If a person takes over a company, he will feel in control.
If a person begins to learn, he will feel motivated.
If a person marries again, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a gift from others, he will feel happy.
If a person hurts himself, he is in pain as a result.
A person works hard at the bakery in order to be a good employee.
If a person buys a new piece of software, he wants to learn how to use it.
A person continues to clean in order to be tidy.
If a person talks to some neighbors, he learns about his neighbors as a result.
If a person has to get home, he will feel in a hurry.
If a person enjoys mathematics, he wants to study math.
A person creates a lot of art in order to be an artist.
If a person wonders about that, he wants to know more.
If a person is interested in what happened, he wants to know more.
If a person doesn't want to be in that place again, he wants to leave.
A person bids for a ride in order to be able to get around.
If a person begs others to let her go, he is allowed to leave as a result.
If a person finds a new friend, he wants to hang out with this new friend.
If a person falls off a motorcycle, he is injured as a result.
If a person improves his reputation, he is liked by his peers as a result.
If a person earns a good salary, he is pleased as a result.
If a person makes progress on her project, he is happy as a result.
If a person obtains employment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person dedicates her life to God, he will feel calm.
If a person watches others sing, he gets a taste of PersonY’s talent as a result.
If a person goes dancing with family, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks things through, he wants to solve problems.
If a person solves a problem with an elegant solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to walk instead of take the bus, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person is at the right place, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes the time to learn, he wants to be smart.
If a person communicates, he will feel understood.
If a person gathers some info, he learns more about his subject as a result.
A person improves his skills in order to become a better person.
If a person organizes a movie night, he gets to spend time with his friends as a result.
If a person got what he wanted, he will feel content.
A person visits their grandmother in order to spend time with their grandmother.
If a person visits personY’s parents, he gets to know his family as a result.
A person finally leaves the house in order to be independent.
If a person enters a programme, he wants to get better.
If a person succeeds, he is happy as a result.
A person stays to work in order to be useful.
If a person makes a valuable business decision, he will feel confident.
If a person has a quiet morning, he will feel calm.
If a person can not believe the results, he wants to know what happened.
A person is a shareholder in order to be part of the company.
If a person enjoys the challenge, he will feel inspired.
If a person likes to write poems, he will feel inspired.
A person takes others to 's house in order to show PersonY his house.
If a person provides satisfactory service, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to be self-sufficient, he will feel content.
If a person makes love to his wife, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person tries to help others, he will feel helpful.
If a person completes a project on time, he will feel accomplished.
If a person could not take the heat, he wants to be cool.
If a person invites personY for a walk, he wants to talk to personY.
If a person exercises three times a week, he will feel energetic.
If a person and others get into a fistfight, he will feel angry.
If a person has a hard time with all of this, he will feel anxious.
If a person is on the right track, he is happy as a result.
A person works things out in order to make things better.
A person started work in order to make money.
If a person has a walk on the beach, he will feel peaceful.
If a person did it right, he will feel confident.
If a person is in a quarrel, he will feel unhappy.
If a person and others are enjoying life, he will feel relaxed.
If a person believes in the values of tolerance, he does not have a racist attitude as a result.
If a person buys presents, he will feel happy.
If a person starts making progress, he will feel encouraged.
If a person begins to paint a wall, he will feel productive.
A person treats good customers well in order to be a good person.
If a person feels a little upset, he wants to feel better.
If a person lands a great job, he will feel proud.
If a person meets all requirements for a perfect résumé, he will feel good.
A person hurries to catch a train in order to be on time.
If a person smells a strange odor, he investigates the odor as a result.
If a person cleans his or her room, he is tidy as a result.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes a decision for others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
A person tries to get up in order to be able to walk.
If a person is well liked, he will feel good.
A person tells him what she’s thinking in order to be open with him.
If a person has more than enough food, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person buys the car, he is happy as a result.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel pampered.
If a person gets into a heated argument, he is angry as a result.
A person creates a start-up in order to be independent.
If a person gets the car repaired, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about her mom, he wants to help her mom.
A person takes a walk through the park in order to be in nature.
If a person learns how to ski, he becomes a good skier as a result.
If a person has had a good workout, he is sweaty as a result.
If a person fears rejection, he will feel nervous.
If a person continues to grow, he will feel strong.
If a person communicates with someone, he gets a response as a result.
A person moves out of town in order to be independent.
A person proceeds to the family dinner in order to meet his family.
If a person discusses something important with others, he will feel informed.
A person visits his father in order to reconnect with his father.
A person promises to be careful in order to be a responsible person.
If a person lies down on a bed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has finally decided to let go, he will feel free.
A person is practicing piano in order to be a better pianist.
If a person starts dancing, he will feel happy.
If a person eats delicious meals, he will feel satisfied.
A person avoids reflecting on a serious incident in order to avoid upsetting himself.
If a person sets out again, he will feel determined.
If a person get up early, he will feel refreshed.
If a person practices self-defense moves, he will feel confident.
If a person is enjoying a good book, he is enthralled by the story as a result.
If a person gets the credit, he will feel appreciated.
A person puts his house in order in order to live in a clean house.
If a person takes a fancy to others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person gets praised for doing something nice, he will feel happy.
If a person sees a performance of the ballet, he will feel entertained.
If a person sets out for a long walk, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences troubles, he will feel upset.
If a person has found a new hobby, he will feel content.
A person drinks some of the water in order to keep himself hydrated.
If a person is excited about something, he wants to talk about it.
If a person knows how to handle things, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys a private conversation with others, he learns to communicate with PersonY as a result.
If a person likes being around others, he will feel content.
If a person works hard to achieve something, he wants to be the best.
A person tries out for soccer in order to be on the team.
A person and others start seeing each other in order to be with PersonY.
If a person accidentally stumbles into a dangerous situation, he will feel fearful.
If a person is rewarded for hard work, he is promoted as a result.
A person thinks it over for a moment in order to consider the options.
If a person realises a long-held dream, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person has lots of sex, he will feel satisfied.
If a person cooks lunch, he has a good meal as a result.
A person starts to settle down in order to be a responsible adult.
If a person speaks persuasively, he will feel confident.
A person is reasonable in order to be fair.
If a person shares a joke with others, he will feel amused.
If a person gets all dressed up, he will feel pretty.
If a person has a long-term relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys an outing, he wants to go out again.
If a person completes her novel, he will feel satisfied.
A person plans the journey in order to explore the world.
If a person learns new cultures, he will feel curious.
If a person loses a lot of weight, he looks thinner as a result.
If a person and others have a new project, he will feel motivated.
If a person cooks a big meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has success, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets on with her work, he will feel competent.
If a person delivers for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person's toothbrush went missing, he wants to find his toothbrush.
If a person sorts out his life, he is more relaxed as a result.
A person starts another job in order to earn money.
If a person dances the boogie, he will feel excited.
If a person sleeps well, he will feel refreshed.
If a person loves the dogs, he wants to take care of the dogs.
If a person makes his money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives some info, he knows more about the subject as a result.
If a person tells the audience something wonderful, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person goes out to take a walk, he has a nice walk as a result.
If a person has real problems, he wants to solve his problems.
If a person suspects that something is the matter, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person starts working, he will feel motivated.
A person attends a school meeting in order to be involved in the school.
If a person handles things well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person jogs in the morning, he will feel energetic.
If a person becomes close to others, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
A person takes one of the books in order to read the book.
A person continues to work hard in order to achieve his goals.
A person walks over to others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person prepares for a journey in order to explore the world.
A person is worried about their studies in order to get good grades.
If a person practices his golf swing, he is able to hit the ball as a result.
A person wants to go online in order to be able to communicate with others.
If a person suffers a loss, he will feel sad.
If a person can't stand it anymore, he wants to quit.
A person promises to do his homework in order to be a good student.
If a person comes to grips with something, he will feel peaceful.
If a person starts to learn a foreign language, he will feel motivated.
A person grew out of it in order to move on.
If a person starts walking to school, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person always gets on with the job, he is seen as responsible.
If a person questions himself, he wants to know the truth.
If a person falls in the ice, he gets hurt as a result.
A person and others drink water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person exercises three times a week, he will feel healthy.
If a person investigates what might be wrong, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person and others do something nice for one another, he will feel happy.
If a person can’t calm down, he will feel anxious.
If a person takes out a toy, he plays with the toy as a result.
If a person writes a to-do list, he will feel productive.
A person puts on a coat, hat, and scarf in order to be warm.
If a person and others enjoy a picnic, he will feel happy.
If a person is a top executive, he will feel powerful.
If a person goes to church for the first time, he will feel moved.
If a person gets into a debate, he learns to argue as a result.
A person discusses others's death in order to understand PersonY's death.
If a person has an excellent day, he will feel delighted.
A person has time to talk to others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person becomes a success, he is promoted as a result.
If a person rescues others from kidnappers, he will feel victorious.
A person states his doubts in order to be able to discuss his doubts.
If a person is bothered by the issue, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person reconnects with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person is being threatened, he will feel afraid.
If a person enjoys some music, he will feel happy.
A person helps out in the garden in order to be helpful.
A person spends a year planning in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person speaks in others's defense, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person listens to her music, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets a gift from her husband, he will feel happy.
If a person worries about his great-grandmother, he wants to help his great-grandmother.
A person is really a bad guy in order to hurt people.
A person seeks out opinions in order to learn from others.
If a person tries to learn a new word, he wants to know the meaning of the word.
If a person is growing suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he makes progress as a result.
A person meets with others’s mother in order to get to know PersonY’s mother.
If a person starts to get what he wants, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives a purpose to his actions, he wants to do something worthwhile.
A person asks questions about in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person likes something, he wants to have it.
A person always keeps a set schedule in order to be organized.
A person decided to continue in order to finish the task.
A person is a member of a computer club in order to learn about computers.
If a person makes plans for a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person keeps himself fit, he will feel confident.
A person talks to person he respects in order to learn from someone.
If a person realizes a goal, he will feel satisfied.
A person holds a fundraiser in order to raise money for a charity.
If a person got engaged, he will feel happy.
If a person relaxes in the bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
If a person lays awake at night, he will feel worried.
If a person is exposed to radiation, he becomes ill as a result.
If a person is profiled by the media, he gets famous as a result.
If a person goes ahead with the new plan, he will feel motivated.
If a person accepts the congratulation, he will feel happy.
If a person gets answers, he will feel enlightened.
If a person takes over the stage, he will feel in control.
If a person prepares for a good life, he will feel confident.
If a person feels really good, he will feel relaxed.
If a person tends to some work, he will feel productive.
If a person accuses others of lying, he wants to prove PersonY is lying.
If a person continues working at a company, he will feel productive.
A person seeks the advice of others in order to get help.
If a person learns to fight for himself, he is more confident as a result.
If a person is a loved child, he is a happy child as a result.
If a person regrets her mistake, he wants to make amends.
If a person and others work out, he and PersonY are in better shape as a result.
If a person is given the opportunity to help, he helps a friend as a result.
If a person learns how to surf, he gets good at surfing as a result.
If a person fears what will happen, he wants to make sure nothing bad happens.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he is active in the community as a result.
If a person gets in line, he will feel in control.
A person asks to leave in order to be alone.
If a person finds the job he's been looking for, he will feel confident.
If a person collects things, he has a lot of things as a result.
A person works hard on the next book in order to be a writer.
If a person is practicing meditation, he wants to be calm.
If a person makes a special trip, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to like the place, he decides to stay as a result.
If a person gets a kiss from others, he feels good as a result.
If a person succeeds in stopping smoking, he will feel relieved.
If a person makes a good meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works hard to achieve something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person discovers his mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person begins to question his sanity, he wants to get a grip.
If a person has been taught a new technique, he will feel skilled.
A person reads over the letter in order to know what the letter says.
If a person finds it at a low price, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a complaint, he has to respond as a result.
If a person receives kindness from others, he will feel pleased.
If a person practices mindfulness, he will feel peaceful.
If a person listens to a suggestion, he wants to follow the suggestion.
If a person feels very anxious, he wants to calm down.
If a person explains the truth, he is seen as sincere.
If a person is angry at himself, he wants to feel better.
A person tries to open the door in order to go outside.
If a person has a successful project, he will feel happy.
If a person watches another video, he will feel entertained.
If a person helps make peace, he will feel good.
If a person is able to restore others's health, he will feel successful.
If a person tries to guess the riddle, he will feel curious.
If a person loses sleep over a problem, he will feel frustrated.
If a person ponders how to answer a question, he will feel uncertain.
If a person has great news, he will feel excited.
A person invests in another business venture in order to earn more money.
A person pushes herself in order to improve her physical condition.
A person writes a letter to his parents in order to express his feelings.
If a person earns his degrees, he will feel happy.
A person goes back to writing in order to express his creativity.
If a person finds it extremely pleasurable, he is very happy as a result.
If a person learns from mistakes, he wants to learn from experience.
If a person works to become a better person, he will feel determined.
If a person completes an English homework assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes a film star, he is praised by the press as a result.
If a person regards others as a threat, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
A person invites others to the movies in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person decides to pursue a degree in order to improve her future.
If a person knows something's going to happen, he wants to be prepared.
If a person spends a day with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person leans back to relax, he will feel content.
If a person is responsible for a job well done, he will feel proud.
A person consults a lawyer in order to know his rights.
If a person performs a public service, he receives praise as a result.
A person writes down her complaints in order to keep track of her problems.
If a person does his exercise, he will feel energized.
If a person has a successful transaction, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps track of time, he will feel on time.
A person avoids having a serious discussion in order to avoid a fight.
If a person is exercising, he wants to be fit.
If a person has a personal mission, he wants to complete his mission.
A person participates in the job interview in order to get a job.
A person goes to visit the doctor in order to get better.
A person deals with conflict in order to be able to solve problems.
If a person wins friends and influence, he will feel successful.
If a person develops severe diarrhea, he wants to go to the bathroom.
If a person takes a cooking class, he wants to cook.
A person invites her mom to dinner in order to be nice to her mom.
If a person gets new ideas, he will feel creative.
If a person calls others for support, he will feel supported.
If a person experiences freedom, he feels happy as a result.
A person trains in any martial art in order to be a good fighter.
If a person brings down the enemy, he will feel powerful.
If a person watches a classic movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person increases her exercise program, he will feel energized.
A person puts a lot of effort into this in order to do a good job.
If a person has a hectic schedule, he is stressed as a result.
If a person gets pampered, he will feel happy.
A person gives others permission to go somewhere in order to let PersonY do what he wants.
A person deals with someone in order to solve a problem.
If a person plays with a boy and a girl, he will feel playful.
If a person begins to learn from others, he will feel curious.
A person joins a rally in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person does something much better, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes conscious, he is aware of his surroundings as a result.
If a person has a successful date, he will feel pleased.
If a person has been sitting out in the sun too long, he will feel hot.
If a person is placed in charge, he will feel empowered.
If a person considers other options, he will feel curious.
If a person learns from a mistake, he wants to learn from experience.
If a person secures a place, he will feel confident.
If a person finally has a really big meal, he is full as a result.
If a person says his prayers, he will feel peaceful.
If a person doesn’t understand what is happening, he will feel confused.
If a person is interested in the dispute, he wants to get involved.
If a person is constantly on the go, he is always tired as a result.
If a person take charge of the situation, he will feel confident.
If a person gets overcharged for something, he wants to get his money back.
If a person feels left out, he wants to be included.
If a person meets a person with an interesting story, he wants to hear the story.
If a person's attempts are counterproductive, he is unsuccessful as a result.
If a person agrees to a peace deal, he will feel peaceful.
A person sees the project through in order to be successful.
If a person is cast in a film, he is happy as a result.
A person wants to speak in order to tell his side of the story.
If a person decides to throw a party, he wants to invite his friends.
If a person neglects his hygiene, he will feel unclean.
If a person writes the report, he will feel productive.
If a person puts his arms around others, he will feel content.
A person investigates further in order to know more about the situation.
If a person gives others a standing ovation, he will feel proud.
If a person relaxes by others's side, he will feel happy.
If a person spends time in prayer, he will feel at peace.
If a person does it with class, he will feel pleased.
If a person has begun the big preparation, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets to know self, he wants to know more about self.
If a person reads a book on business, he will feel interested.
A person becomes more productive in order to get ahead.
If a person becomes good at French, he will feel confident.
If a person goes through a rough time, he will feel depressed.
If a person has lost someone, he is sad as a result.
A person tries to take a walk in order to be active.
If a person settles things quickly, he is satisfied as a result.
A person's getting in touch with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes others to doctor, he wants to get PersonY better.
A person fixes the house in order to make the house more comfortable.
If a person enjoys a lavish lifestyle, he will feel satisfied.
A person makes his bed every day in order to be neat.
If a person practices boxing, he is able to defend himself as a result.
If a person listens to opera, he is moved by the music as a result.
If a person signs up for the class, he will feel excited.
If a person get the job, he will feel pleased.
A person sets a time in order to be punctual.
If a person finds a great job, he will feel excited.
A person helps others write a song in order to help PersonY.
If a person celebrates Christmas with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person has some bad news, he will feel worried.
If a person offers to do a good turn for others, he will feel good.
If a person wins a prize, he will feel thrilled.
If a person rests a while, he will feel relaxed.
If a person mopes around the house, he will feel lonely.
If a person realizes that he has made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person does his best, he will feel accomplished.
If a person fears his nightmares, he wants to avoid his nightmares.
A person attends a lecture on sex in order to learn more about sex.
If a person comes out ahead, he will feel triumphant.
If a person likes singing and has a good voice, he wants to sing in front of people.
If a person rushes to the emergency room, he is treated for an injury as a result.
A person is eager to work hard in order to be the best.
A person writes a short note to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person reads more books in order to expand his knowledge.
If a person and others share fun, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person lives in a beautiful home, he will feel happy.
A person is on a walk in order to get some fresh air.
A person lends a few dollars to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person enjoys a day in the park, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets advice from personY, he will feel informed.
If a person can't do it alone, he asks for help as a result.
If a person and others live a better life, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he wants to feel better.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he wants to be healthier.
A person teaches others how to ride a motorcycle in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds an exciting person, he wants to find out more about this person.
If a person is offered a very good job, he wants to accept the job.
If a person experiences a terrible fall, he will feel in pain.
A person takes others on a cruise in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person makes a special dish for others, he will feel pleased.
A person gets his first job in order to start earning money.
If a person gets a cool job, he will feel confident.
If a person has a good life, he will feel happy.
A person practices hard in order to be a good student.
If a person seeks professional help, he is helped by a therapist as a result.
If a person investigates the whereabouts of others, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person studies to get a degree, he will feel motivated.
If a person has his next priority on the list, he will feel focused.
A person asks others to tutor him in order to be smarter.
If a person gains recognition, he will feel appreciated.
If a person continues with the plan, he wants to make the plan succeed.
If a person sets up the study, he will feel organized.
A person contacts others's lawyer in order to do something to help PersonY.
If a person reads up about it, he is curious as a result.
If a person and others go to the theatre, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person wins the power struggle, he will feel pleased.
A person wanted to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person has a wonderful dream, he wants to remember the dream.
If a person inquires, he wants to find out more.
A person practices being polite in order to be a good person.
If a person stays in a bad relationship, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person realizes his mistake, he wants to make amends.
If a person's father gives  a bath, he will feel cared for.
If a person goes with the group, he will feel comfortable.
If a person collects books, he reads a lot as a result.
If a person enters a support group, he wants to get better.
If a person counts on the others, he will feel supported.
If a person and others watch the news together, he and PersonY discuss the news as a result.
If a person hugs others gently, he will feel loving.
If a person is safe, he will feel confident.
A person and others carry on talking in order to talk to PersonY.
A person looks for the cats in order to make sure the cats are okay.
If a person dislikes hot weather, he wants to be in a cool place.
If a person listens to his elders, he learns to respect his elders as a result.
If a person jumps over a hurdle, he will feel accomplished.
If a person collects art, he will feel artistic.
If a person brings her friends together, he will feel pleased.
If a person gives others the highest praise, he will feel proud.
A person talks to Father in order to discuss a topic with Father.
If a person and others do something nice for one another, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person puts a lot of time into it in order to get it right.
If a person lands a plum job, he will feel happy.
If a person finally comes to terms with everything, he will feel content.
If a person discovers conflict, he wants to solve the conflict.
If a person finds a difference, he wants to fix it.
If a person fears failure, he will feel anxious.
If a person gets under others's skin, he is not liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person reads up about it, he will feel interested.
If a person has a good feeling, he will feel relaxed.
If a person works on a hobby project, he will feel creative.
If a person gets a good mark in philosophy, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a good example to others, he will feel respected.
If a person receives a mysterious note, he is intrigued as a result.
A person searches online in order to learn more about a certain topic.
If a person goes on a hot date, he will feel happy.
A person takes lessons in a foreign language in order to improve her communication skills.
If a person wins at chess, he will feel pleased.
If a person examines an object, he notices something as a result.
If a person sets off on holiday, he is happy as a result.
If a person visits a local library, he will feel interested.
If a person volunteers at the food bank, he wants to help the poor.
If a person talks to the others, he will feel connected.
If a person works to accomplish a goal, he will feel accomplished.
A person participates in activism in order to be a part of the movement.
If a person drinks a great deal of wine, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person enjoys a walk, he will feel content.
A person wants to buy a new camera in order to be able to take better pictures.
If a person pours a glass of juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person and others move closer, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person reads for fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person continues her job, he will feel productive.
A person goes back to visit others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person starts to do a good job, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person signs up for a workshop, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a big one, he will feel pleased.
If a person performs the task, he will feel successful.
If a person expands his mind, he will feel smart.
If a person gets manicures, he has nice nails as a result.
If a person discovers a gas leak, he wants to fix the leak.
If a person seizes power, he will feel strong.
If a person tries to stay cool in front of others, he will feel calm.
If a person pursues a master’s degree, he will feel eager.
A person finishes all homework on time in order to be a good student.
If a person makes love to others, he is sexually satisfied as a result.
If a person received many promotions, he will feel successful.
If a person studies three times a week, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds a way to save the day, he is seen as clever.
If a person is blamed for doing the wrong thing, he will feel guilty.
If a person listens to something good, he will feel happy.
A person studies science in order to be good at science.
If a person and others spend a fun evening together, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to walk around, he will feel calm.
If a person watched the movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person dislikes the road block, he wants to get rid of the road block.
If a person bathes in a bathtub, he will feel clean.
If a person follows a study plan, he will feel motivated.
If a person comes to appreciate green vegetables, he wants to eat them.
If a person bathes himself, he feels clean as a result.
A person performs for the audience in order to entertain the audience.
If a person signs up for therapy, he wants to be better.
If a person gets a feel for the task, he will feel competent.
If a person starts jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person becomes a successful prophet, he is recognized by his community as a result.
If a person receives a birthday present, he is happy as a result.
A person leaves for Europe in order to explore.
A person wants to call others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person offers a bonus to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is listening to a radio show, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a little panic attack, he wants to calm down.
If a person pays attention to a problem, he solves the problem as a result.
A person leads others to the right path in order to help PersonY.
If a person listens to metal, he will feel passionate.
If a person gets rid of bad people, he will feel victorious.
If a person gets ready for the journey, he will feel excited.
If a person takes up the challenge, he wants to be the best.
If a person is making improvements, he will feel pleased.
If a person is reunited with his family, he will feel relieved.
A person signs up for Spanish class in order to improve her Spanish.
If a person overcomes his problem, he is successful as a result.
If a person has an unpleasant encounter, he feels upset as a result.
If a person feels agitated, he wants to calm down.
If a person is looking at the picture, he will feel interested.
A person texts her friend in order to talk to her friend.
If a person feels the guilt of sin, he wants to repent.
If a person asks a person to give advice, he gets advice as a result.
If a person buys the groceries, he will feel satisfied.
A person explores the surroundings in order to see the world.
If a person finds a suspicious thing, he wants to investigate.
If a person sees a chance to win the bet, he will feel confident.
If a person rescues others from captivity, he will feel victorious.
If a person resolves an issue, he feels satisfied as a result.
If a person is enjoying a cup of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person chooses writing over babysitting, he has more time to write as a result.
If a person and others negotiate, he and PersonY agree on a price as a result.
If a person notices a pattern, he wants to figure out the pattern.
If a person becomes too old, he becomes too old to work as a result.
If a person invests in another business venture, he will feel hopeful.
If a person learns her lessons, he is seen as a good student.
If a person is an expert at disguise, he will feel clever.
A person cleans the child’s face in order to help the child.
A person puts in an application in order to get a job.
If a person persuades others to join forces, he will feel victorious.
If a person moves into a new home, he will feel content.
If a person has an internal struggle, he will feel confused.
If a person struggles with life, he will feel discouraged.
If a person makes a good impression, he will feel successful.
If a person gains knowledge, he will feel smart.
A person took a course in order to learn something new.
A person repairs an old chair in order to keep the chair in good condition.
If a person has a good lawyer, he will feel confident.
If a person develops a method of transportation, he is able to travel quickly as a result.
If a person watches DVDs, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides on a method of de-cluttering, he gets organized as a result.
If a person keeps a job, he will feel secure.
If a person resolves not to lie, he is truthful as a result.
If a person decides to go for a walk, he will feel happy.
If a person gets frustrated, he wants to calm down.
If a person runs for exercise, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person takes a good impression, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a new acquaintance, he will feel interested.
If a person is happy about the joy of others, he wants to make others happy.
If a person purchases a boat, he wants to sail it.
If a person stands his ground, he will feel strong.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel satisfied.
If a person got what he wanted, he will feel happy.
If a person gets something new, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to join the party in order to have fun.
If a person wins at a tournament, he will feel confident.
If a person goes to ballet, he will feel artistic.
If a person explores others's car, he will feel intrigued.
If a person buys the pizza, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes to a cross-stitch convention, he learns to cross-stitch as a result.
If a person finds comfort in others's understanding, he will feel happy.
If a person encourages others to try again, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person attempts to be ready for exams, he will feel prepared.
If a person and others enjoy drinking together, he will feel happy.
If a person and others take a trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person solves a case, he will feel competent.
If a person keeps track of time, he will feel organized.
If a person complains to his supervisor, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gets hydrated, he will feel refreshed.
If a person often gets caught up in things, he will feel stressed.
If a person has lost someone, he will feel sad.
If a person finds success, he becomes famous as a result.
A person investigates others’s medical condition in order to help PersonY.
If a person has a great idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person carves out a niche, he will feel accomplished.
If a person plays with a boy and a girl, he wants to play with boys and girls.
A person is planning in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person starts a successful business, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets a good score on a test, he is seen as smart.
If a person considers others a threat, he wants to avoid PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys the conversation, he wants to talk more.
If a person pursues a career, he will feel determined.
A person posts a message on the bulletin board in order to communicate with the other characters.
If a person gets employment, he will feel pleased.
A person thinks about what is really going on in order to understand the situation.
If a person finds new friends, he will feel good.
If a person experiences true love, he will feel happy.
If a person eats healthy food, he will feel healthy.
If a person does an aerobic exercise, he gets fit as a result.
If a person witnesses something terrible, he will feel shocked.
A person stops others's arrest in order to help PersonY.
A person puts his affairs in order in order to prepare for the future.
A person begins training in his new job in order to be a better employee.
A person paints the fence again in order to keep the fence looking nice.
If a person trains long hours, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person always follows rules, he is disciplined as a result.
A person confronts his mom in order to understand his mother.
If a person is impressed with others's thinking, he will feel encouraged.
If a person serves as a role model, he is respected by his peers as a result.
A person avoids distracting tasks in order to focus on his work.
If a person and others start seeing each other, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person offers to do a good turn for others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person helps organize a celebration in order to make the party a success.
If a person reads the computer science journal, he learns about computer science as a result.
If a person pulls out all the stops, he will feel excited.
A person leaves for a trip in order to be away from home.
A person examines the objects in order to find out more about the objects.
If a person leads the class, he will feel pleased.
If a person is learning the rules, he is making progress as a result.
A person heads to others’s home in order to meet PersonY.
A person reaches for others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person decides to take a break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person feels upset with her spouse, he wants to talk to her spouse.
If a person starts to change, he gets better as a result.
A person participates in a protest march in order to express his views.
A person starts doing better in order to be a better person.
If a person smells something suspicious, he wants to check it out.
If a person earns good money, he is pleased as a result.
A person writes down what happens in order to remember the event.
If a person goes ahead with the party, he wants to be with his friends.
If a person gets her point across, he will feel pleased.
If a person explores his surroundings, he wants to explore more.
If a person shares the good news, he will feel happy.
If a person does not recover from his wounds, he dies as a result.
A person calls her boyfriend in order to be able to talk to her boyfriend.
A person attends every class in order to learn more.
If a person starts reading a book, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds something important, he wants to tell someone.
If a person feels burdened by guilt, he wants to feel better.
If a person is complimented, he will feel good.
If a person receives very good reviews from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets a record contract, he will feel pleased.
A person start to talk in order to communicate with others.
If a person builds on the relationship, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes plans for the future, he will feel determined.
If a person listens to a strange sound, he will feel curious.
If a person has a successful career, he is promoted as a result.
A person follows the procedure in order to do the right thing.
If a person completes an important exam, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes along with the program, he will feel obedient.
If a person takes a course in typing, he will feel competent.
A person interacts with fans in order to meet his fans.
A person welcomes others to the team in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
A person begins a new exercise routine in order to feel better.
If a person and others lie in bed together, he will feel intimate.
If a person talks to the media, he gets publicity as a result.
A person thinks about writing to friends in order to be able to communicate with her friends.
A person talks others into visiting an art museum in order to show PersonY a new experience.
If a person plays in a jam session, he will feel creative.
If a person complains about inefficiency, he wants to improve efficiency.
If a person dresses himself up, he will feel cute.
If a person comes to work early, he will feel motivated.
If a person's arms are broken, he is in pain as a result.
If a person improves others's behavior, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a picnic in the park, he enjoys the picnic as a result.
If a person joins a volunteer service, he wants to help people.
A person reminds others of being a child in order to help PersonY remember his childhood.
If a person is fed, he will feel nourished.
A person makes dinner for the family in order to make the family happy.
If a person befriends an elderly person, he will feel compassionate.
A person does all the work for the family in order to make the family happy.
If a person and others play ball, he will feel playful.
If a person graduates from an excellent university, he is happy as a result.
If a person begins eating dinner, he will feel full.
If a person discovers a silver lining, he will feel happy.
A person takes a new job in order to earn more money.
If a person learns to accept the truth, he will feel calm.
If a person finds support, he will feel secure.
If a person breaks a bone, he is in pain as a result.
If a person's life changes for the better, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person makes things right, he will feel satisfied.
If a person determines to have fun, he enjoys himself as a result.
If a person dances on the stage, he will feel joyful.
A person finishes reading the instructions in order to finish the task.
A person is at the art gallery in order to see the art.
A person makes some improvements in order to get better at something.
If a person is sick of being treated unfairly, he wants to get even.
A person stops kicking dogs in order to stop hurting animals.
A person is listening to others in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
If a person begins planning the holiday, he wants to spend the holiday with his family.
If a person lives up to his ideals, he is a good person as a result.
A person takes the wheel in order to be in control.
A person repairs the table in order to make the table usable again.
A person talks to the others in order to know what the others think.
If a person is completely baffled, he will feel frustrated.
If a person looks for a better job, he will feel determined.
If a person resolves an issue, he will feel accomplished.
A person tries to make eye contact in order to be acknowledged.
If a person has lived a long time in the same region, he will feel connected.
If a person starts to really relax, he will feel content.
A person went to a business meeting in order to succeed in business.
If a person reads a travel book, he will feel intrigued.
A person agrees to visit others in the hospital in order to help PersonY.
If a person mends things, he will feel pleased.
A person starts following others in order to learn more about PersonY.
A person consults his lawyer in order to know his legal rights.
If a person finally got what they deserved, he will feel happy.
If a person bought the car, he will feel pleased.
If a person doesn't get the meaning, he will feel puzzled.
If a person is assaulted by a colleague, he is injured as a result.
A person begins self-publishing in order to be independent.
A person sets out on a hike in order to be outdoors.
A person is with his friends in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person assures others of what others wants, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person applies to colleges in order to be a better student.
If a person completes a mental exercise, he feels calmer as a result.
If a person does not like the result, he gets angry as a result.
If a person practices self-control, he will feel controlled.
If a person is polite and generous, he wants to be a good person.
A person is reading the textbook in order to learn.
If a person finds a solution to problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person does his civic duty, he wants to be a good citizen.
If a person organizes his house, he feels better about his house as a result.
A person gives others the answers in order to help PersonY.
If a person spends his time wisely, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a better doctor, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves a misunderstanding, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is having sex, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he deals with the problem as a result.
A person returns to the novel in order to finish the novel.
If a person teaches  to play a musical instrument, he becomes a better musician as a result.
If a person throws a party for others, he will feel excited.
If a person has his feet massaged, he will feel relaxed.
A person decides to get a lawyer in order to protect his interests.
If a person looks at something quickly, he will feel curious.
If a person walks out of a room, he wants to be alone.
If a person considers himself at fault, he wants to apologize.
If a person goes for walks, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is surrounded by their friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person leaves an abusive relationship, he wants to be in a healthy relationship.
If a person thinks things through, he wants to make a decision.
If a person studies three times a week, he is seen as diligent.
If a person is no longer bothered by noise, he will feel content.
If a person studies a lesson, he will feel motivated.
If a person decides to relax, he will feel happy.
A person has a small break in order to relax.
If a person takes the girls shopping, he buys the girls clothes as a result.
If a person regrets his past, he wants to start over.
If a person resolves a misunderstanding, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances with the children, he has fun with the children as a result.
If a person considers others a very good friend, he wants to hang out with PersonY.
If a person has his dinner, he will feel full.
A person investigates his own emotions in order to understand himself better.
If a person dislikes something, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening at home, he is happy as a result.
A person repairs the ship in order to make the ship safe.
If a person takes a week's vacation, he will feel refreshed.
A person helps an old lady in order to be helpful.
If a person resolves, he will feel at peace.
If a person has a healthy relationship, he will feel happy.
A person reads an article in order to learn more about a topic.
A person wants to travel abroad in order to experience different cultures.
If a person studies hard for the test, he will feel determined.
If a person thought about the consequences, he will feel concerned.
If a person gains a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person contemplates the fate of others, he will feel concerned.
If a person thinks about the good things in life, he will feel optimistic.
If a person thinks the project is a big deal, he wants to get it done.
If a person is the object of everyone's affection, he will feel loved.
A person shops for new clothing in order to look good.
If a person had been reading up on the subject, he has a good understanding of the subject as a result.
A person talks with an old friend in order to catch up with an old friend.
If a person thinks about what he's done, he is remorseful as a result.
A person provides background information in order to be a source of information.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is quite prepared, he will feel relaxed.
If a person joins the campaign, he wants to make a difference.
A person began to eat better in order to be healthy.
If a person complains about others's attitude, he wants to change PersonY's attitude.
A person dedicates effort to training in order to be a better person.
If a person is completely organized, he is efficient as a result.
If a person buys the goods, he will feel happy.
If a person serves in a community, he will feel useful.
A person decides to participate in order to get a chance to compete.
If a person enjoys the challenge, he will feel energized.
If a person gives the presentation, he is seen as articulate.
If a person likes to take a walk with others, he will feel happy.
A person gives others lessons in socializing in order to make PersonY more sociable.
A person takes others back to the beach in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person fears that he will be blamed, he wants to be sure that he is not to blame.
If a person reunites with friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person wins in the game, he gets a prize as a result.
If a person suffers under others's leadership, he will feel frustrated.
A person contemplates the next move in order to think before acting.
If a person practices self-help methods, he will feel empowered.
A person makes his first donation in order to help people.
If a person is confused about it, he wants to understand.
If a person is the top dog, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person is comforted by others, he will feel cared for.
If a person does not accept the past, he wants to change the past.
A person jogs at sunrise in order to start the day with exercise.
If a person meets a new partner, he wants to work with this person.
If a person fears making a big mistake, he wants to be perfect.
If a person helps others with housework, he will feel useful.
If a person has enough food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person organizes his stuff, he will feel in control.
A person takes his bike out in order to exercise.
If a person works on their relationship, he wants to be together.
If a person accepts to be married, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys an early dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes all the preparations, he will feel in control.
If a person reads a particular magazine, he learns about a particular issue as a result.
If a person is concerned with others's problems, he wants to help PersonY.
A person says "I'll leave for a while" in order to take a break.
A person works on the bike in order to be in shape.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he understands PersonY’s ideas as a result.
If a person loves doing crossword puzzles, he wants to do more crossword puzzles.
If a person listens to a favourite record, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to talk with others, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he feels proud as a result.
A person tells others to have a good life in order to help PersonY be happy.
A person washes the dog in order to keep the dog clean.
If a person enjoys others's presence, he will feel content.
If a person has sinned, he will feel remorseful.
A person faces herself in order to be honest with herself.
If a person chooses to fight, he wants to win.
If a person’s idea works, he will feel pleased.
If a person wins the tournament, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks of something really interesting, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes an interest in others's wellbeing, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person tries hard to meet others's standards, he wants to be accepted by PersonY.
If a person knows what he’s doing, he will feel confident.
A person told others about the weekend plans in order to keep PersonY informed.
A person came to meet me in order to talk to me.
If a person takes care of his own needs, he will feel in control.
A person checks the ticket in order to know if the ticket is valid.
If a person helps to carry others’s groceries, he will feel useful.
If a person considers others a good friend, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person hangs out with old friends, he has a good time as a result.
A person puts on a dress in order to look good.
If a person looks on the Internet, he will feel interested.
If a person sees the problem with, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person lies in bed for a while, he will feel rested.
A person buys others a home in order to help PersonY.
If a person thinks that others is suspicious, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
A person serves in a community in order to help others.
If a person is fed up with it, he wants to quit.
If a person has a passionate belief, he wants to prove his point.
If a person wants to be polite, he will feel pleasant.
A person is going to the zoo in order to see animals.
If a person is reformed, he wants to be a good person.
If a person receives free entertainment, he has fun as a result.
If a person thanks others for phone call, he will feel pleased.
If a person checks out the situation, he will feel curious.
If a person likes to meditate, he is calm as a result.
If a person watches the television, he will feel entertained.
If a person appears at an event, he is noticed by many people as a result.
If a person has a good time at PartyZ, he will feel joyful.
If a person loses face, he will feel humiliated.
If a person eats delicious food, he will feel full.
If a person chats with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person gets some work done, he is happy as a result.
If a person earns lots of money, he will feel satisfied.
A person studies the stars in order to understand the universe.
If a person delivers what others wanted, he will feel good.
If a person feels threatened, he wants to feel safe.
A person likes to go for walks in order to enjoy the fresh air.
A person attends class in order to get an education.
If a person practices for concert, he is ready for concert as a result.
If a person decides to look for new friends, he makes new friends as a result.
If a person regrets telling lies, he will feel ashamed.
A person hangs out with others's family in order to be part of PersonY's family.
If a person is miffed at others, he wants to hurt PersonY.
If a person gets through to others, he will feel understood.
A person speaks in others's favor in order to help PersonY.
If a person watches something on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person lays down and takes a nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person acts like a diplomat, he will feel in control.
If a person thinks of several plans, he will feel motivated.
If a person is frustrated with it, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person improves his skills, he will feel accomplished.
A person starts talking again in order to talk to people.
If a person learns to use others's hands, he is able to do more things with PersonY's hands as a result.
A person reads interesting books in order to learn new things.
If a person claps for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others begin to bond, he will feel happy.
If a person can't take the heat, he wants to get out of the sun.
If a person works with wood, he develops a skill as a result.
If a person sees a friend for the first time in ages, he is glad to see his friend as a result.
A person taught others well in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person appreciates others's gift, he wants to thank PersonY.
If a person travels to the beach, he has fun at the beach as a result.
If a person explores the subject, he wants to know more.
If a person enjoys another day in the sun, he will feel energized.
If a person lives an honest life, he will feel good.
If a person finds a path around obstacles, he will feel successful.
If a person and others have a pleasant dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person fills his lungs with air, he will feel full.
If a person visits a new city, he learns about the city as a result.
A person does something noble in order to help others.
If a person admits she can't do this alone, he wants to ask for help.
If a person returns to his room, he wants to be alone.
A person tells others what's on his mind in order to be open with PersonY.
A person will be moving away in order to be independent.
If a person has a good view on the whole situation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person remembers to keep watch, he will feel vigilant.
If a person plans to go jogging, he will feel energetic.
A person is learning from his mistakes in order to improve.
A person tries to wake others up in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person enjoys this experience, he wants to do it again.
A person gives his wife a kiss in order to show his love for his wife.
If a person wins in a bet, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others go to a dance, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person does not worry anymore, he feels more relaxed as a result.
If a person wants to avoid a fight, he is not involved in a fight as a result.
If a person has a difficult assignment, he will feel stressed.
If a person gets a new truck, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes a night of it, he will feel happy.
If a person is unable to bear this, he will feel miserable.
A person read others's writing in order to understand PersonY.
If a person follows their ideals, he wants to be like them.
If a person took a bad fall, he is sore as a result.
If a person makes a deal, he is satisfied as a result.
A person takes a personal day off from work in order to relax.
If a person follows others to the beach, he wants to play in the ocean.
If a person still loves a challenge, he wants to keep trying.
If a person admires others's way of dressing, he wants to dress like PersonY as a result.
If a person seeks help from another person, he receives advice as a result.
If a person worries about being out of work, he wants to be employed.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he will feel excited.
A person discusses the problem with her parents in order to resolve the problem.
If a person escapes the angry mob, he will feel free.
If a person is pleasing to others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person smells something unpleasant, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person joins a yoga class, he will feel relaxed.
A person signs up for school in order to improve her life.
A person studies how to play an instrument in order to be good at something.
If a person resolves never to give up, he will feel hopeful.
A person travels often in order to see the world.
If a person joins a golf club, he is more active as a result.
If a person wants to be intelligent, he wants to study.
If a person decides that work is important, he will feel productive.
A person gets a pair of shoes made in order to have a new pair of shoes.
A person digs into personY's arguments in order to understand personY's reasoning.
If a person is successful in business, he is wealthy as a result.
If a person complains about her treatment, he wants to be treated better.
A person tells others that they had fun together in order to share her experience with PersonY.
A person consults with others often in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person argues with his mother, he is angry with his mother as a result.
If a person has an unexpected accident, he gets injured as a result.
If a person begins to look around, he wants to see what's in the room.
If a person is interested, he wants to know more.
A person finds a part time job in order to earn money.
If a person gives a great performance, he will feel proud.
A person invites others to a picnic in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person complains of a stomachache, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person feels she is being watched, he will feel anxious.
If a person provides a good example, he will feel respected.
If a person tastes others's cooking, he enjoys PersonY's cooking as a result.
If a person has fun with a friend, he will feel content.
If a person is blamed for something, he is punished as a result.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to investigate.
A person decides to run for office in order to be a leader.
If a person is diagnosed, he receives treatment as a result.
If a person has a lovely view, he wants to look at the view.
If a person has a terrible day, he feels depressed as a result.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he will feel curious.
A person tries to play soccer in order to be good at soccer.
A person gets accepted to the best university in order to get a good education.
If a person builds a fire in the fireplace, he will feel peaceful.
A person tries to wake up others in order to be there for PersonY.
A person takes off on her own in order to do something different.
A person decides to call home in order to see his family.
If a person goes out to get information, he wants to know more.
If a person makes good on a bet, he will feel happy.
If a person finishes his meal, he feels full as a result.
A person trains in the morning in order to be in shape.
A person is a bad guy in order to hurt people.
If a person makes a good presentation, he will feel confident.
If a person signs up for a karate class, he will feel excited.
If a person makes a good deal, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes away on a trip, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to get others alone, he gets to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person gets rid of the dead weight, he will feel successful.
A person studies for the science test in order to do well on the test.
If a person has an important business deal, he is rewarded as a result.
If a person earns a compliment, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is attacked and injured, he is hospitalised as a result.
If a person watches football on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides to dance, he will feel energetic.
If a person creates own schedule, he will feel independent.
If a person signs a deal, he wants to make more money.
A person made a present for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has your support, he wants to do something you want.
If a person continues to relax, he will feel peaceful.
If a person accepts a compliment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person volunteers to do a job, he will feel useful.
If a person starts feeling better, he will feel confident.
If a person rakes in the profits, he will feel happy.
If a person puts on music, he will feel happy.
A person takes up playing chess in order to improve his chess skills.
If a person gets a feeling, he wants to investigate.
A person walks to the store in order to get some groceries.
A person is watching a television program with his family in order to be with his family.
If a person wins a contest, he will feel happy.
A person takes good care of others in order to be a good parent.
If a person spends the afternoon studying, he will feel motivated.
A person confronts her tormentor in order to end the torment.
A person tries to walk through the walls in order to see what is on the other side.
A person writes a letter to his mother in order to express his feelings.
If a person devotes her life to others, he will feel content.
If a person starts working on the Community Center, he will feel motivated.
If a person opens a garage, he is able to sell cars as a result.
A person tries to reach for others in order to be closer to PersonY.
If a person reads The Sun, he will feel entertained.
If a person pays attention to the speaker, he will feel alert.
A person turns, leaving Room Z in order to avoid being in Room Z.
A person works at a job in order to make money.
If a person eats a restaurant meal, he is full as a result.
If a person begins relationships, he will feel hopeful.
A person emails others in order to stay in touch with PersonY.
If a person gets an idea from others, he wants to use the idea.
If a person smells a stinky smell, he does not like the smell as a result.
If a person is busy working hard, he will feel productive.
If a person finds the situation a nuisance, he wants to change the situation.
If a person is deeply offended, he wants to apologize.
If a person celebrates with others, he is happier as a result.
A person reaches for the book in order to read the book.
If a person is productive, he is happy as a result.
If a person finally gets some fish to eat, he will feel content.
A person plans ahead in order to be prepared for any eventuality.
If a person consults a specialist, he wants to get better.
If a person seeks out advice, he is given advice as a result.
If a person fears that others may die, he wants to keep PersonY alive.
A person tests the temperature in order to be sure the temperature is right.
If a person makes good on his promise, he is happy as a result.
A person enrolls in others's class in order to learn.
A person avoids a risky venture in order to avoid making mistakes.
A person visits their family doctor in order to get a check up.
If a person walks the dog to the park, he gets exercise as a result.
A person travels to a new place in order to see new things.
If a person gets tired of it, he wants to stop.
If a person takes shelter from the rain, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others train, he will feel motivated.
A person starts practicing in order to improve.
If a person takes on an initiative, he will feel confident.
A person goes to check on a rumor in order to be sure that the rumor is true.
If a person feels that others is a nuisance, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person learns about statistics, he wants to know more about statistics.
A person decides on the best course of action in order to do the right thing.
If a person has experienced an unpleasant event, he will feel upset.
If a person takes his vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person read others's diary, he knows what PersonY is thinking as a result.
If a person wins in a race, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a successful negotiator, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person receives something, he is happy as a result.
If a person argues with a leader, he will feel irritated.
If a person accepts the fact that, he does not get upset as a result.
If a person settles into a vacation, he enjoys his vacation as a result.
A person considers fighting back in order to be prepared for a fight.
A person's door is always open to others in order to be kind to PersonY.
A person attends his son’s wedding in order to support his son.
If a person gives others a friendly smile, he makes PersonY feel good as a result.
If a person begins to perspire, he wants to cool off.
If a person regrets his or her decision, he wants to undo the decision.
A person encourages others's passion in order to help PersonY succeed.
A person writes down answers to test in order to be prepared for the test.
If a person gives the presentation, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person has an outburst, he will feel frustrated.
If a person tries it out and notices, he will feel curious.
A person reviews what’s been said in order to remember what’s been said.
If a person vows to keep his word, he will feel confident.
If a person attends a tennis match, he will feel entertained.
A person works out constantly in order to stay in shape.
If a person consents to marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person does not like that person, he wants to get away from that person.
If a person gets a little help from her friends, he feels better as a result.
A person raises a hand to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets a wash and set, he is well groomed as a result.
If a person dances and sings, he will feel happy.
A person travels to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person can no longer bear it, he wants to die.
If a person gets a coffee at Starbucks, he will feel refreshed.
If a person does well in school, he will feel smart.
If a person is looked up to, he feels important as a result.
If a person feels ashamed of what he has done, he wants to apologize.
If a person thinks she has figured out a solution, he will feel excited.
If a person performs a helpful act, he will feel happy.
A person wishes to return home in order to be reunited with his family.
If a person admires others's growth, he is proud of PersonY as a result.
If a person’s work improves, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a proper life, he will feel peaceful.
If a person explores a hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person trains every day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person receives congratulations, he is happy as a result.
A person reads an essay by Mark Strand in order to understand Mark Strand's ideas.
A person discusses the problem with her in order to understand the problem.
If a person rests at home, he will feel relaxed.
A person teaches others the basics in order to help PersonY.
If a person makes amends with others, he will feel pleased.
A person won't take sides in order to remain neutral.
If a person tries to finish the book, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to draw, he will feel creative.
If a person eats something special, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is very good at her job, he will feel happy.
If a person watches television at home, he will feel entertained.
If a person wins others's affection, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person is hard at work in order to be successful.
If a person thinks of a different way, he solves the problem as a result.
A person takes the patient's pulse in order to know the patient's condition.
If a person invites her ex-husband for dinner, he has a nice evening with her ex as a result.
If a person sleeps with a new woman, he is sexually satisfied as a result.
If a person reads philosophy, he will feel curious.
A person visits others’s family in order to spend time with PersonY’s family.
A person takes care of her cat in order to make sure her cat is happy.
If a person has done something good, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a new idea, he wants to try it out.
If a person is a conscientious employee, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is a world leader, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person is at the top of the food chain, he will feel powerful.
If a person misses his own humanity, he wants to feel human again.
If a person makes a better impression, he will feel confident.
If a person and others falls in love, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person joins a seminar, he wants to learn more.
If a person looks back on the day, he wants to remember the day.
If a person dances to a tune, he will feel energized.
If a person learns to defend himself, he will feel confident.
A person takes a lot of chances in order to be adventurous.
If a person recognizes success, he feels proud as a result.
If a person starts to rise, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person finds others attractive, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person reads more books, he will feel motivated.
If a person has always been well-dressed, he is stylish as a result.
If a person becomes a mentor, he will feel respected.
If a person asks to be reassured, he will feel comforted.
If a person watches her favorite TV show, he will feel happy.
If a person feels too guilty, he wants to stop feeling guilty.
If a person likes to live in the city, he will feel content.
If a person is working on an assignment, he wants to get it done.
If a person decided to investigate, he will feel determined.
If a person gets accepted into a college, he will feel happy.
If a person and others go to the show, he and PersonY enjoy the show as a result.
If a person is hit by the other group, he is injured as a result.
A person moves out of her home in order to be independent.
A person is busy with a task in order to get the task done.
A person sits down to work in order to get things done.
If a person made a grave mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person turns on the music, he will feel energetic.
If a person is disgusted by others's behavior, he wants to make PersonY behave.
A person calls Mr X in order to have a conversation with Mr X.
If a person goes for vacation, he will feel refreshed.
A person pours water into others's glass in order to get PersonY to drink water.
A person asks others to talk in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person changes a habit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is afraid of getting bored, he wants to be entertained.
A person asks her mother a question in order to understand her mother better.
If a person makes an example, he will feel authoritative.
If a person suspects that others is hiding, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
A person attended a show in order to enjoy the show.
A person keeps practicing in order to be good at something.
A person encourages others's hopes in order to see PersonY succeed.
A person takes an art class in order to be creative.
If a person wants to exercise, he will feel energized.
If a person gets on in life, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives the right answer, he will feel confident.
A person adopts two children from the Philippines in order to help the children.
If a person finds it to be best, he will feel peaceful.
A person starts work on his novel in order to be productive.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he will feel proud.
If a person watches children's TV programs, he will feel entertained.
If a person succeeds in stopping smoking, he has a healthier lifestyle as a result.
A person decides to investigate in order to find out the truth.
If a person always wins, he will feel superior.
A person prepares for a ball in order to be a part of the social scene.
A person was in school in order to finish his education.
If a person learns to help other people, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person has many loving friends, he will feel cared for.
If a person takes steps to bring it back, he will feel determined.
If a person begins with a question, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person has a fight, he will feel upset.
If a person notices that something has changed, he wants to figure out what has changed.
A person asks her doctor a question in order to be informed.
A person speaks about his family in order to share his family with the others.
If a person is bothered by a criticism, he gets angry as a result.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is impressed by others's skill, he will feel inspired.
If a person tells good stories, he will feel pleased.
If a person cuddles into others's arms, he will feel comforted.
If a person and others discuss a case, he and PersonY have a good discussion as a result.
If a person considers new options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person considers the option, he wants to choose the option.
A person examines the lamp in order to learn more about the lamp.
A person cleans their apartment in order to be tidy.
If a person has a reputation for philanthropy, he will feel admired.
If a person receives a special gift, he will feel touched.
If a person turns the television on, he is entertained as a result.
If a person outmaneuvers others, he will feel powerful.
If a person wins at a game, he feels happy as a result.
If a person fulfills his mission, he will feel happy.
If a person checks the bulletin board, he will feel interested.
If a person tolerates others’s comments, he does not get angry as a result.
A person takes the car for a test drive in order to see how the car works.
If a person is unable to decide, he will feel confused.
If a person cares about others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gets what he wants, he will feel happy.
If a person pauses to consider, he will feel reflective.
If a person had his high hopes dashed, he will feel discouraged.
A person cleans out the house in order to make the house presentable.
If a person finds love at last, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good haircut, he will feel handsome.
If a person gets hired for a job, he will feel happy.
If a person is not having a good day, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gets his cake, he will feel content.
If a person makes his point, he will feel assertive.
If a person leaves a little better, he is more confident as a result.
If a person completes others's work, he is seen as diligent.
If a person receives a back massage, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person considers an idea, he wants to do something about it.
If a person lives in a beautiful place, he will feel content.
If a person notices he has made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person worries about what is to come, he wants to be prepared.
A person tries to climb in order to get stronger.
If a person buys himself a new car, he is happy with his new car as a result.
If a person trains 2-5 times a day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person learns about sacrifice, he wants to learn more about sacrifice.
If a person has a great project, he will feel happy.
If a person is involved in a traffic accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person becomes involved with a new group, he will feel happy.
If a person and others check themselves into a rehab center, he wants to get better.
If a person suspects that something is the matter, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person chooses to spend time with others, he becomes closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person flees from the angry mob, he wants to hide.
If a person emerges victorious, he will feel proud.
If a person reads the news, he will feel interested.
If a person receives very bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person tells jokes to the crowd, he gets laughs as a result.
If a person is a prominent member of society, he is respected by his peers as a result.
A person resolves to start working out in order to be healthy.
A person remains by others's side in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person seems to see something, he wants to investigate.
If a person and others share their views, he will feel open.
A person stops the rot in order to make sure the rot doesn't spread.
If a person suspects that others will do something, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person has an opportunity, he wants to make money.
If a person picks up a beautiful seashell, he is excited by the shell as a result.
If a person comes out on top, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes a self-defense class, he will feel safe.
If a person communicates with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person practices an art, he is a good artist as a result.
A person buys others presents in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person takes the quiz, he will feel curious.
If a person objects to the policy, he wants to get the policy changed.
If a person is going to school, he is studying hard as a result.
If a person helps others to carry groceries, he will feel helpful.
A person attempts to discern information in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person enjoys the ride, he wants to go on the ride again.
If a person falls down a flight of stairs, he will feel hurt.
A person left others with her friends in order to spend time with her friends.
If a person puts their best foot forward, he will feel optimistic.
If a person has lived a long time in the same region, he will feel comfortable.
If a person eats something delicious, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is an authority, he will feel confident.
If a person collects some of them, he wants to keep them.
If a person and others share stories, he will feel friendly.
If a person devotes himself to helping the poor, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person learns of a mysterious event, he wants to investigate.
If a person starts a romance, he will feel happy.
If a person considers it a drawback, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person makes a successful defense, he will feel pleased.
If a person get others to help, he will feel supported.
A person just listens in order to hear the other person's point of view.
If a person is struggling with a problem, he wants to find a solution.
If a person is tired of others's talking, he tells PersonY to shut up as a result.
If a person broke his wrist, he will feel in pain.
If a person recognizes a work of art, he will feel impressed.
If a person is singing in the shower, he will feel excited.
If a person enjoys studying Latin, he wants to learn more Latin.
If a person fears being known, he will feel nervous.
If a person is attacked by a stranger, he is hurt as a result.
If a person consults a health-care professional, he wants to be healthy.
A person maintains his focus in order to achieve his goal.
A person prepares for the teacher's visit in order to do well in the teacher's visit.
A person spends a lot of time meditating in order to find inner peace.
If a person is covered with mud, he will feel dirty.
If a person feels bad for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person dresses up well, he gets compliments as a result.
If a person enjoys a late night at the pub, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys exercise, he wants to be fit.
If a person decides not to give in, he will feel courageous.
If a person always puts everything back in place, he is neat as a result.
A person turns the page in order to read the next chapter.
A person picks up others from airport in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person gets sick on the way, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person gives others a shower, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person is a huge success, he will feel proud.
If a person reconsiders its motivations, he decides to change its goals as a result.
If a person makes out with his girlfriend, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys himself some new clothes, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a look at it, he will feel curious.
If a person realizes the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person has his shit together, he will feel accomplished.
A person stops to visit relatives in order to be with family.
If a person has completed a term of study, he will feel accomplished.
If a person finds others's talent, he wants to use PersonY's talent.
A person finds his own way in order to be independent.
If a person received a promise, he wants to keep the promise.
A person moves away from others in order to move on.
If a person gives others high praise, he will feel happy.
If a person dances on the dance floor, he is seen as a good dancer.
If a person dresses for a party, he looks good as a result.
If a person tends the garden, he has a healthy garden as a result.
A person cradles others's head in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person is concerned about others's health, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person receives a wonderful promotion, he will feel proud.
A person tries to find a different job in order to have a better job.
If a person admits to being wrong, he wants to apologize.
If a person relies on others for advice, he will feel supported.
If a person has found a new direction, he wants to try it out.
A person makes food for dinner in order to cook for his family.
If a person gains new skills, he becomes a better player as a result.
If a person thinks that others is bluffing, he wants to know if PersonY is bluffing.
If a person puts things in their proper place, he will feel satisfied.
If a person studies about humanity, he wants to know more about people.
If a person convinces others to have sex, he will feel successful.
If a person waffles over a decision, he will feel confused.
If a person engages in a philosophical discussion, he will feel curious.
If a person performs numerous errands, he will feel busy.
If a person feels disturbed by others's reaction, he will feel anxious.
If a person belongs to a neighborhood watch group, he will feel vigilant.
If a person goes to the rescue, he will feel courageous.
If a person shares his complaints, he will feel heard.
If a person gets a fresh start, he will feel hopeful.
If a person and others finds a nice apartment, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person meets the right people, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a spectacle of himself, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person acquires a new skill, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he decides to take action as a result.
A person used a stick to make the strike harder in order to be more effective.
If a person tries to survive on their own, he learns to be independent as a result.
If a person takes up a sport, he will feel energetic.
If a person wears cool looking clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person gets a position, he will feel pleased.
A person is able to help out in order to help others.
A person became a citizen in order to be a part of the community.
If a person follows a path, he will feel focused.
A person visits a doctor’s office in order to find out about his health.
If a person buys a bike, he will feel pleased.
If a person lets his feelings out, he will feel upset.
If a person thinks about a new project, he will feel creative.
A person travels to strange lands in order to experience new things.
If a person is dressed and made up, he wants to look nice.
If a person takes care of something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes an early start, he will feel motivated.
A person drops everything and goes to the gym in order to get in shape.
If a person go outside, he will feel content.
If a person is enchanted by others, he wants to see PersonY again.
If a person continues her study, he will feel determined.
If a person starts attending classes, he wants to be a student.
A person will buy it for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person had been reading up on the subject, he will feel informed.
A person takes a different path in order to explore a new way.
A person practices many times in order to be good at something.
If a person did not get enough sleep, he will feel sleepy.
A person starts to do work for others in order to help PersonY.
A person resists taking a rest in order to keep working.
If a person became more relaxed, he will feel content.
If a person is beaten to the ground, he will feel hurt.
If a person is overcome with nostalgia, he wants to remember the past.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he will feel anxious.
A person snuggles up with others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person recognizes others’s music, he is impressed by PersonY’s talent as a result.
A person explores many countries in order to learn about the world.
If a person plans for the journey, he will feel ready.
If a person builds a business, he is successful as a result.
A person works on something in order to improve.
If a person thinks that others is on drugs, he wants to find out if PersonY is on drugs.
If a person puts his house in order, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he feels happier as a result.
A person invites others to the cabin in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person travels to a new place in order to explore.
If a person decides to stay, he will feel happy.
A person researched others's genealogy in order to prove PersonY's ancestry.
A person practices a sport in order to be good at a sport.
If a person gets his own apartment, he will feel independent.
A person invites others out to a movie in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person's heart is broken, he cries as a result.
If a person takes an interest in others's career, he wants to work in PersonY's career.
A person is active in the community in order to be helpful.
If a person laughs with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person has a plan for tomorrow, he will feel determined.
A person and others plan a trip in order to travel and PersonY wants to see new places.
If a person takes control of the project, he will feel powerful.
A person studies at a local college in order to get a degree.
If a person does not like the result, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person experiences a lot of accidents, he is hurt as a result.
A person starts working again in order to be productive.
If a person leads an amazing life, he will feel content.
A person follows the proper procedure in order to get the job done.
If a person takes pride in others's business, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person buys a video, he will feel entertained.
A person continues training in order to be stronger.
If a person takes steps to enforce, he will feel strong.
If a person and others act out a scene, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person gets good reviews, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is bothered by the issue, he wants to do something about it.
A person arranges the outcome in order to have the final say.
If a person cleans the place up, he will feel good.
If a person discovers the answer, he will feel satisfied.
A person decides to begin cooking in order to be a good cook.
If a person makes money on the deal, he will feel successful.
A person tries to write a story in order to express her feelings.
If a person beats others at swimming, he will feel triumphant.
If a person thinks of an advantage, he wants to take advantage of the situation.
If a person ties up loose ends, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hurt himself badly, he is treated as a result.
A person decides to go abroad in order to be independent.
A person considers others’s role in order to understand PersonY’s position.
If a person can play, he plays well as a result.
If a person runs around the block, he will feel energetic.
A person welcomes others's guests in order to make sure PersonY's guests are comfortable.
A person and others study for exams in order to pass the exams.
A person appears to be waiting for others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person isn’t feeling well, he will feel unhappy.
A person embarks on a new journey in order to explore new possibilities.
A person visits her old friends in order to reconnect with her old friends.
If a person consents to marry others, he will feel pleased.
If a person is in over his head, he is overwhelmed as a result.
If a person gets a job in the commercial sector, he will feel good.
If a person smells a good dinner, he enjoys the meal as a result.
If a person acts nice, he will feel good.
A person finds a good restaurant in order to be well fed.
If a person gets offered a promotion, he wants to take the promotion.
If a person leads a bad life, he will feel unhappy.
If a person tries the idea, he will feel interested.
If a person's injured, he is in pain as a result.
If a person recognizes that something is wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person takes a stance on an issue, he will feel passionate.
If a person joins others’s activity, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person drinks before driving, he will feel intoxicated.
A person joins a new gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person gets on a big stage, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
A person visits his friend in order to spend time with his friend.
If a person takes up skating, he will feel good.
If a person takes over as leader, he will feel empowered.
If a person handles it well, he will feel confident.
If a person possesses books on chemistry, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person makes a booking, he will feel pleased.
If a person watches films, he will feel interested.
If a person finds a decent job, he will feel content.
A person walks through the village in order to see what is around.
If a person realized he made a big mistake, he is sorry as a result.
If a person watches the news with others, he learns about the latest news as a result.
If a person marries his wife, he has a happy marriage as a result.
If a person puts something in order, he will feel accomplished.
A person reads a work about others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person performs a favor for others, he gets thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person kisses his wife, he will feel content.
If a person cooks an excellent dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others reads the paper, he and PersonY get the news as a result.
If a person fights off attackers, he survives as a result.
If a person is full of resentment, he is miserable as a result.
If a person faces a new problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person makes a bad investment, he loses money as a result.
If a person reads a funny paper, he wants to laugh.
A person visits MrH in order to talk to MrH.
If a person tells others how great she is, he will feel good.
If a person buys a self-help book, he wants to learn more about self-help.
If a person treats himself, he feels better as a result.
If a person is involved in an air crash, he is injured as a result.
If a person starts to work on time, he will feel motivated.
If a person thwarts a bandit, he will feel victorious.
If a person severs others's head, he will feel victorious.
If a person examines others’s past, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
A person phones his friend in order to be able to talk to his friend.
If a person has a miserable morning, he will feel annoyed.
If a person rests on the couch, he will feel peaceful.
A person tries to run out of it in order to get away from the pain.
A person asks the doctor in order to know the diagnosis.
If a person thinks and acts for himself, he will feel independent.
If a person does more around the house, he feels more productive as a result.
If a person encounters a terrible problem, he is upset as a result.
If a person stays on her feet, he will feel confident.
A person brings others into his home in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person joins a team, he will feel accepted.
If a person finishes his homework early, he will feel accomplished.
A person decides to go for a drive in order to relax.
If a person moves up to Manager, he will feel powerful.
If a person has a bad week, he will feel frustrated.
If a person reads religious books, he will feel spiritual.
If a person gets rewarded for it, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person discovers a person in trouble, he helps the person as a result.
If a person gets accepted into school, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys himself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a fun day, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets some very good news, he wants to be happy.
If a person has a strong sense of fairness, he wants to get even.
If a person takes advantage of a shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person acquires a skill, he will feel pleased.
If a person is at the water's edge, he gets wet as a result.
If a person accepts an award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person obeys the Law, he is a good citizen as a result.
If a person is a college student, he is studying hard as a result.
If a person convinces others to come home, he will feel happy.
If a person practices dance, he will feel motivated.
If a person discovers a discrepancy, he wants to correct the problem.
If a person gets medication, he feels better as a result.
If a person gives others high praise, he will feel proud.
If a person sings along with music, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits an employment agency, he wants to find a job.
If a person buys a new toy, he wants to play with the toy.
If a person begins to warm up to others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person has a brilliant idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person shares a birthday cake with friends, he will feel content.
If a person finds something to drink, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person helps out his friends, he will feel pleased.
A person decided to confront others in order to be assertive.
If a person thinks others needs therapy, he wants to help PersonY.
A person gives others the information in order to help PersonY.
If a person sees an opening, he will feel hopeful.
If a person performs a job well, he will feel pleased.
If a person is very sleepy, he wants to sleep.
If a person takes a quick nap, he is refreshed as a result.
A person considers moving to a new location in order to start a new life.
If a person gets the thing, he will feel triumphant.
A person rushes toward the coast in order to be close to the ocean.
If a person helps solve the case, he will feel successful.
A person is the provider in order to provide for his family.
If a person is a famous artist, he sells his paintings as a result.
If a person attends Mass, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has been busy lately, he is stressed as a result.
If a person is good at writing, he will feel accomplished.
A person checks out a file in order to find out what is in the file.
If a person raises money for charity, he will feel good.
If a person learns a new dance step, he becomes a better dancer as a result.
If a person volunteers at a home for the disabled, he wants to help people.
If a person buys an engagement ring, he will feel happy.
A person gets the work done on time in order to be efficient.
If a person takes up jogging, he will feel motivated.
If a person climbs to the top, he will feel strong.
If a person rushes to others's side, he wants to stay with PersonY.
A person brings a friend home for dinner in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person acquires a blister, he wants to get rid of the blister.
If a person does not know what is to come, he will feel confused.
If a person discovers a beautiful flower, he will feel amazed.
If a person gets some closure, he feels better as a result.
If a person likes each other, he wants to be together.
If a person works on a political campaign, he will feel motivated.
If a person knows he did the right thing, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person asks others about microchips in order to learn about microchips.
If a person sees a film, he is entertained as a result.
If a person learns from the mistakes, he will feel better.
If a person puts an end to something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a pain in his left shoulder, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person promises to be nice in order to keep his word.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he is happy as a result.
If a person wants to express his feelings, he wants to write a letter.
If a person realizes something important, he wants to tell someone.
If a person makes a pledge, he wants to keep his promise.
If a person discusses the problem, he is seen as thoughtful.
If a person works out his problems, he will feel resolved.
If a person makes food from scratch, he makes good food as a result.
A person must act quickly in order to finish the task.
If a person finds a nice present, he will feel delighted.
A person helps solve the case in order to be helpful.
If a person learns others's lesson, he doesn't make the same mistake again as a result.
If a person seems to have been drinking, he will feel drunk.
If a person finds that others is a bully, he wants to stop PersonY from being a bully.
A person and others give to charity in order to help people.
If a person wins the competition, he is pleased as a result.
If a person reads about parapsychology, he will feel interested.
If a person takes steps to prosecute, he will feel courageous.
If a person performs perfectly, he will feel confident.
A person gives a proper burial to a pet in order to show respect to the pet.
A person goes to the tailor in order to be dressed well.
If a person completes a long task, he is seen as diligent.
If a person reflects on the bad situation, he will feel upset.
If a person manages to calm down, he will feel content.
A person decides to move overseas in order to see the world.
If a person finds a new way to make money, he is successful as a result.
If a person finds a new music player, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others tries to learn each other, he wants to know PersonY better.
If a person wows an audience, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is recommended for a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person writes a good novel, he will feel happy.
If a person dances and sings, he is a great dancer and singer as a result.
A person gets others to study in order to make PersonY a better student.
If a person has been worried about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person exchanges knowledge, he learns more as a result.
A person tries to arrange the future in order to have a good future.
If a person realizes that he or she is wrong, he corrects his or her behavior as a result.
If a person enjoys the warmth of others's eyes, he wants to keep looking at PersonY.
If a person believes others will help , he will feel hopeful.
If a person enjoys movies, he wants to watch more movies.
A person tries out for a new job in order to be successful.
A person drives to personY’s home in order to be there for personY.
A person fixes the room in order to make the room perfect.
If a person is against slavery, he wants to free the slaves.
If a person stays in school, he is seen as a good student.
If a person completes the plan, he will feel satisfied.
If a person listens to his elders, he will feel respectful.
A person takes her duties seriously in order to be a good citizen.
If a person experiences a fall, he gets injured as a result.
If a person finds a solution, he will feel satisfied.
A person follows the youth in order to be a part of the youth.
If a person learns about behaviorism, he understands the behaviorist approach as a result.
If a person writes a resume, he wants to get a job.
If a person eats dinner with the family, he will feel included.
If a person talks to a sympathetic ear, he will feel understood.
If a person walks up to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person begins to play guitar, he is good at guitar as a result.
A person suggests that they’ll travel in order to see the world.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he will feel optimistic.
If a person gets the thing, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks about past events, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person worries about getting to school, he wants to get to school on time.
A person arranges for a get-together in order to spend time with friends.
A person starts on his own in order to be independent.
If a person walks on the track, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person asks for guidance, he will feel guided.
If a person can't get a good night's sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person has always had problems with her anger, he wants to be less angry.
A person bathes himself in order to be clean.
A person explores the next level in order to improve his skills.
If a person escapes from bad guys, he will feel victorious.
If a person has started thinking about getting married, he wants to start planning the wedding.
If a person had a bad night, he will feel down.
If a person and others promise to be true, he will feel confident.
If a person watches old movies, he learns to appreciate old movies as a result.
If a person holds the company responsible, he wants to see the company punished.
A person practices target shooting in order to improve his skills.
If a person learns to shoot basketballs, he will feel skilled.
If a person begins to fall, he is hurt as a result.
If a person begins to learn to play the violin, he will feel motivated.
If a person eats the whole thing, he will feel satisfied.
A person went to the hospital in order to get better.
If a person is annoyed by others's shortcomings, he wants to improve PersonY's performance.
A person finally decided to leave in order to be independent.
If a person hears some good news, he will feel pleased.
If a person regrets falling, he wants to not fall.
If a person reads a book while lying on the bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a lively conversation, he is seen as a good conversationalist.
If a person listens to something good, he will feel uplifted.
If a person buys a new bike, he will feel happy.
If a person volunteers to help others with cooking, he learns to cook as a result.
If a person reads a lot of books, he will feel curious.
If a person starts to take a stand, he will feel brave.
If a person worries about the environment, he wants to save the environment.
If a person has good rapport with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person spends time with his son, he will feel connected.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he will feel alarmed.
A person addresses others in a courteous manner in order to get along with PersonY.
A person puts on the new dress in order to look good.
A person will have to check that in order to make sure.
If a person debates his choices, he wants to choose wisely.
If a person reflects on his behavior, he is remorseful as a result.
If a person listens to news on radio, he will feel informed.
If a person is attacked by a masked man, he will feel frightened.
If a person finishes her painting, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a very hard worker, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hangs out at a bar, he will feel entertained.
If a person sends a Thank You card, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes out for drinks with others, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person starts to plan in order to have a good plan.
If a person gets on the inside of others, he gets information from PersonY as a result.
If a person and others get along for a while, he will feel comfortable.
If a person dresses up for a night out, he will feel excited.
A person begins a 2-week holiday in order to relax.
If a person gets help from a stranger, he will feel relieved.
If a person puts on the jacket, he feels warm as a result.
If a person sees a good life, he will feel content.
If a person wins others’s admiration, he will feel respected.
If a person learns a new dance, he wants to dance more.
If a person spends a pleasant day with others, he will feel satisfied.
A person suggests activities to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds a happy ending, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person gets a chance to talk, he learns to express himself as a result.
A person stops others from being fired in order to help PersonY.
If a person gains a new skill, he will feel accomplished.
If a person achieves goals, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person studies how to play chess in order to be a better chess player.
A person stops the argument in order to keep the peace.
If a person wins a swimming race, he will feel pleased.
If a person has had enough of all this, he gets angry as a result.
If a person wonders how things will work out, he will feel anxious.
A person gives a gift to her niece in order to make her niece happy.
If a person cannot relax, he becomes anxious as a result.
If a person agrees to it, he will feel happy.
If a person builds things from scraps, he will feel creative.
If a person starts running every day, he will feel energetic.
If a person does her best work, he will feel happy.
If a person sees something is not right, he wants to investigate.
If a person has a nice party, he will feel excited.
If a person is out with friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person has the good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person looks for other entertainments, he discovers other interests as a result.
If a person completes coursework, he will feel accomplished.
A person gives himself a workout in order to stay in shape.
If a person negotiates a peace, he will feel successful.
If a person suffers the headache, he wants to get rid of the headache.
If a person falls on his head, he will feel in pain.
If a person relaxes and is carefree, he becomes happy as a result.
A person drives to others's house in order to meet PersonY.
If a person learns to appreciate friends, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person feels desperate, he seeks help as a result.
If a person discusses justice, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person has a good breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person fixes the thing, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a wonderful weekend, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person takes up new hobbies, he will feel excited.
If a person has a fair job, he earns a good salary as a result.
If a person sticks with his plan, he will feel confident.
A person offers a book to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person fears another war, he wants to be safe.
If a person gets a little boost, he is more confident as a result.
If a person meets the woman of his dreams, he will feel content.
If a person gets together with others in the department, he is seen as friendly.
If a person drinks some beer, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person goes the right way, he will feel happy.
If a person begins traveling, he enjoys traveling as a result.
If a person meets her ideal partner, he will feel happy.
If a person completes a manuscript, he will feel accomplished.
If a person complains about the noise in the room, he wants to get away from the noise.
If a person finds employment, he is happy as a result.
A person trains long hours in order to be fit.
If a person challenges others to a duel, he will feel determined.
If a person found a good apartment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person resolves a dispute, he will feel pleased.
A person writes others a love letter in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person kicks back and relaxes, he will feel confident.
If a person signs up for volunteer work, he learns to help others as a result.
If a person had decided in advance, he will feel ready.
If a person works out a plan, he wants to complete the plan.
If a person is feeling guilty, he wants to make amends.
If a person kicks back and relaxes, he will feel content.
A person does a lot of work in order to make money.
If a person is annoyed by the damage of his car, he wants to repair his car.
A person fights it out in order to win.
If a person tries not to get angry, he does not get angry as a result.
If a person disagrees with some details, he wants to change some details.
If a person knows something's wrong, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person arrives at an event, he is seen by many people as a result.
If a person visits the seaside, he has a good time as a result.
If a person begins to do better, he will feel pleased.
If a person is taking notes, he wants to learn.
If a person is working at home, he will feel productive.
If a person argues with someone, he will feel annoyed.
If a person gets someone's help, he learns to do something as a result.
If a person greets his old teacher, he is happy to see his teacher as a result.
If a person dislikes the choice, he does not buy the item as a result.
If a person is well-groomed, he is considered attractive as a result.
If a person wins the race, he will feel confident.
If a person drinks two glasses of water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person mended his ways, he wants to be a better person.
If a person hurts his neck, he is in pain as a result.
If a person enjoys a stroll, he will feel refreshed.
A person and others goes to the gym in order to stay in shape and PersonY wants to stay in shape.
If a person subscribes to a magazine, he will feel informed.
If a person gets his truck fixed, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks it's a great idea, he wants to try it.
If a person made a good decision, he is happy as a result.
If a person plays well at basketball, he will feel confident.
If a person talks about his youth, he feels nostalgic as a result.
If a person has a great deal of knowledge, he will feel smart.
If a person enjoys a stroll, he will feel content.
If a person begins to relax, he will feel content.
If a person and others share ideas, he and PersonY work together as a result.
If a person and others begin a relationship, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person keeps on walking, he will feel determined.
If a person turns towards others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person knows how to handle a situation, he will feel confident.
If a person picked a nice place to live, he is happy with his new home as a result.
A person is out with friends in order to be with friends.
If a person and others ask questions, he will feel interested.
If a person is preparing the project, he wants to get it done.
A person considers ways to get a new job in order to be more independent.
If a person completes task, he will feel successful.
If a person is concerned for others, he helps PersonY as a result.
A person explores his surroundings in order to know more about the world.
If a person and others begin a relationship, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person sees a therapist and starts seeing things more clearly, he becomes more open as a result.
A person works on getting to know others in order to be closer to PersonY.
If a person isn't sure what happened, he will feel confused.
If a person is a strong man, he has muscles as a result.
If a person enrolls in classes, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to the seaside, he will feel peaceful.
If a person and others keep in touch, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person speaks something to others, he gets PersonY’s attention as a result.
If a person enjoys dinner, he will feel full.
If a person acts as a part of society, he will feel valued.
If a person is under the protection of others, he is not harmed as a result.
If a person hates being around others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person decides to take a long rest, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person eats a healthy dinner, he will feel satisfied.
A person is meditating in order to be calm.
A person invites others to coffee in order to have a chat with PersonY.
A person puts in the work in order to be successful.
If a person develops a hobby, he wants to get better at it.
If a person speaks with some warmth, he will feel understood.
If a person considers consequences, he wants to do what is right.
If a person wants to exercise, he gets fit as a result.
A person writes a love note in order to show his love for the girl.
If a person likes to cook, he wants to cook more.
A person prevents others's retirement in order to keep PersonY in the company.
If a person enjoys others's help, he will feel supported.
A person goes into deep meditation in order to find inner peace.
If a person doesn't sleep well, he will feel restless.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he does not act rude as a result.
A person practices a language in order to improve his skills.
If a person can do this, he will feel confident.
If a person does it once and for all, he will feel confident.
If a person finally goes to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person respects the memory of others, he wants to do something to honor PersonY.
If a person learns how to ride a bike, he gets better at cycling as a result.
A person tries to do homework in order to do well in school.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he will feel relaxed.
If a person obtains a position, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks after himself, he will feel good.
If a person claps along, he will feel joyful.
If a person accuses others of stealing his or her job, he wants to get PersonY fired.
If a person hears a noise in the attic, he wants to investigate.
If a person follows a study plan, he wants to finish his degree.
If a person develops a plan, he will feel in control.
If a person is getting into bed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person manages to achieve it, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a suspicious thing, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person shows and explains, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person creates work, he will feel satisfied.
A person tells others to go to school in order PersonY to be successful.
If a person has a terrible dream, he will feel distressed.
If a person is accosted by man, he is threatened as a result.
If a person is injured in an accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
A person settles down to work in order to be productive.
If a person starts taking art classes, he will feel motivated.
If a person sees that he made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person puts up with others's antics, he doesn't get angry as a result.
If a person has a good time in the park, he feels happy as a result.
A person enters a chat room in order to communicate with others.
If a person reads his Bible, he has a religious experience as a result.
A person starts to explore in order to learn more about the world.
If a person asks others for forgiveness, he wants to make up.
A person tries to tell others in order to help PersonY.
If a person succeeds in exams, he will feel confident.
If a person makes her way over to others, he wants to tell PersonY something.
A person requests not to be disturbed in order to have a private moment.
A person drives on the way to a theater in order to see a play.
If a person takes a nice walk, he will feel content.
If a person maintains a clean desk, he will feel neat.
If a person realizes her dream, he will feel satisfied.
If a person spends time at the library, he will feel interested.
If a person can no longer afford to live, he wants to move out.
A person visits others’s office in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has had a good workout, he will feel energetic.
If a person prepares a plan, he will feel determined.
If a person appreciates others's skills, he will feel happy.
If a person makes it a habit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts the prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues his plans, he will feel determined.
If a person works on an important project, he will feel challenged.
If a person beats others at her own game, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes a look at the object in order to understand the object.
If a person and others take a rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sticks to school work, he will feel responsible.
If a person puts his trust in God, he will feel confident.
If a person has a warm heart, he wants to help people.
If a person is in over his head, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person tries to find out more, he will feel intrigued.
If a person practices etiquette, he learns to behave as a result.
If a person makes a career move, he wants to be promoted.
A person travels to distant lands in order to see the world.
If a person visits her relatives, he learns about family as a result.
If a person enjoys time with others, he will feel content.
A person adopts a child from the Philippines in order to help the child.
If a person grows weary of the extreme cold, he wants to be warm.
A person speaks openly in order to be honest.
A person tried to communicate with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person reads a story, he is entertained as a result.
If a person continues the tradition, he will feel committed.
A person visits others's daughter again in order to spend time with PersonY's daughter.
A person tries to ignore the phone in order to be left alone.
If a person and others try to hit it off, he will feel interested.
If a person cooks soup, he makes a good soup as a result.
If a person makes reservations for travel, he will feel organized.
If a person starts to trust others, he will feel happy.
A person lends a little money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is abused by person Z, he is hurt as a result.
If a person is influenced by others, he wants to do things PersonY does.
If a person gets a pat on the head from her family, he will feel cared for.
If a person takes down the suspect, he will feel confident.
If a person indulges in an activity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person notices that something has changed, he wants to know what has changed.
If a person turns over new leaf, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person continues to drink, he will feel inebriated.
If a person is all over the place, he will feel out of control.
If a person is devastated by others's death, he will feel depressed.
If a person cooks a delicious dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person reasons with others, he will feel reasonable.
A person continues middle school in order to learn more.
If a person accepts a favor, he will feel appreciated.
If a person runs after the kids, he will feel energetic.
If a person sees a really good concert, he will feel thrilled.
A person tells others what is happening in order to be open with PersonY.
A person heads out on the town in order to have fun.
A person takes others to the lake in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gets his case, he will feel pleased.
A person initiates a relationship with others in order to be close to PersonY.
A person sticks to the old ways in order to maintain the status quo.
If a person was involved in a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited day off, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person wins her back, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to take a quiz, he will feel interested.
If a person discovers a possibility, he wants to explore the possibility.
A person looks others up on the internet in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person has their photograph taken, he has a nice photo as a result.
If a person has his revenge, he will feel happy.
If a person knows not to lie, he is honest as a result.
If a person investigates the burglar, he finds the burglar as a result.
If a person looks up information, he learns more about a subject as a result.
If a person reads plenty of books, he will feel interested.
If a person enjoys his vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person gets a doctor's appointment in order to get better.
A person exchanges numbers with others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person tries to chat with others, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
A person is in motion in order to get somewhere.
If a person goes around town, he has fun as a result.
If a person is bitter toward others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person becomes a part of others's group, he is seen as a team player.
A person and others go for a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person continues building, he will feel determined.
If a person is diligent at work, unlike others, he will feel competent.
If a person ends up drinking alone, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he will feel happy.
If a person starts to get a grip, he becomes more confident as a result.
A person visits her dad in order to spend time with her dad.
If a person explains what's bothering him, he will feel heard.
If a person and others goes to a concert, he and PersonY has fun as a result.
If a person is going to a party, he will feel happy.
A person decides to mow the lawn in order to keep the lawn looking nice.
A person visits his folks in order to reconnect with his family.
A person calls home to talk to Mom in order to be with his family.
A person talks about his day in order to share his day with others.
A person proposes that PeopleZ join in the project in order to make the project successful.
If a person regrets a mistake, he wants to make a different choice.
If a person is great at math, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person reads good books, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to pray, he feels closer to God as a result.
If a person reads from his favorite book, he will feel happy.
If a person moves in with others, he gets more involved in PersonY’s life as a result.
If a person collects information, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes his job more seriously, he will feel pleased.
If a person returns to therapy, he gets better as a result.
If a person rushes to others's office, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is threatened by someone, he is afraid as a result.
If a person gets some closure, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person is fed well, he will feel content.
A person is running for public office in order to be a leader.
If a person is doing an art project, he will feel artistic.
If a person is a successful student, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person shows up to help, he will feel useful.
If a person welcomes others's touch, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a high position, he will feel secure.
A person talks to Chantal in order to be able to communicate with Chantal.
If a person wins a new car, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a night course, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person is elected to public office, he wants to serve the public.
If a person decided to apologize, he wants to feel better.
A person stops by the shop in order to check on the shop.
If a person is angry at others's attitude, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person has a bone to pick with others, he and PersonY are not friends as a result.
A person begins to read the letter in order to know what the letter says.
A person puts his arms around others in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person seems to be reading an interesting story, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns new lessons, he will feel enlightened.
If a person intends to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a book in the library, he will feel interested.
A person shows new people around in order to be helpful.
If a person approaches others's table, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person reads some great novels, he will feel interested.
A person is at the park in order to be outside.
If a person takes up a new sport, he will feel good.
If a person discovers a perfect solution, he is happy as a result.
If a person finishes the collection, he will feel accomplished.
A person stops by others's place in order to see PersonY.
If a person takes her duties seriously, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is ridiculed, he will feel humiliated.
A person starts to deal with the matter in order to get the problem solved.
If a person found the right information, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees something of interest, he wants to look at it.
If a person watches her favorite TV show, he will feel content.
If a person joins an organization, he wants to get more involved.
If a person has achieved something, he will feel proud.
If a person obtains employment, he will feel happy.
If a person laments being alone, he wants to be with someone.
If a person has an excellent memory, he remembers a lot of things as a result.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he will feel frustrated.
If a person enjoys the feast, he will feel full.
A person begins the journey in order to be on the road.
If a person chooses wisely, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others are finally together, he will feel happy.
If a person does everything he can, he will feel determined.
If a person investigates the message, he will feel interested.
A person is in the middle of a deal in order to get the deal done.
If a person is an excellent dresser, he will feel elegant.
A person performs a comedy routine in order to entertain the audience.
A person walks around a lot in order to get some exercise.
A person seeks professional help in order to be able to deal with her problems.
If a person mends things, he will feel competent.
If a person takes up gardening, he will feel inspired.
If a person is given a position of power, he is successful as a result.
If a person is unsure of the future, he will feel worried.
A person tries to talk to others's daughter in order to know what PersonY's daughter thinks.
If a person makes some progress, he will feel confident.
A person finally went to bed in order to be rested.
If a person wins competition, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets in touch with their family, he will feel close.
A person has to think it over in order to be sure.
If a person does it better, he will feel better.
A person communicates with someone in order to have a conversation.
If a person marries a good man, he will feel happy.
If a person holds a conversation, he will feel interested.
If a person makes some progress, he is encouraged as a result.
If a person is involved in the project, he will feel motivated.
If a person asks a friend for advice, he is helped by his friend as a result.
If a person asks someone directly involved with others, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person feels wronged, he wants to be righted.
If a person talks about the glory days, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person gets a new idea for her composition, he will feel excited.
A person takes a short walk in order to be physically active.
A person tries to let it go in order to move on.
If a person lands the job, he is happy as a result.
If a person leads a healthy lifestyle, he will feel energetic.
If a person has a full and prosperous life, he is happy as a result.
If a person proves himself correct, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wants to get along with others, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person observes the surroundings in order to understand the environment.
If a person showers before work, he will feel clean.
A person takes on some tasks in order to help.
If a person takes the right information with him, he will feel successful.
If a person is impressed by others’s ingenuity, he will feel inspired.
If a person wants to avoid a fight, he does not fight as a result.
If a person decides to ask for help, he receives help as a result.
If a person gets a case of jitters, he wants to get rid of the jitters.
If a person and others think about the past, he and PersonY feel nostalgic as a result.
If a person feels regrettable, he wants to feel better.
If a person comes up with a scheme, he will feel smart.
If a person finds a good person, he will feel pleased.
If a person suffers at school, he will feel unhappy.
If a person suffers a personal loss, he will feel upset.
If a person cannot get out of the town, he will feel trapped.
If a person has run out of money, he will feel poor.
If a person cannot decide where to go, he will feel confused.
A person questions others’s statement in order to understand PersonY’s point of view.
A person helps others prepare for a speech in order to help PersonY.
If a person participates in family traditions, he is seen as respectful.
If a person rents the video, he will feel entertained.
If a person listens to you while you talk, he understands you as a result.
A person takes part in X's marriage in order to be part of X's life.
If a person likes to jog, he will feel energized.
If a person was very convincing, he will feel strong.
If a person has one good moment, he will feel relaxed.
If a person regrets her decision, he decides to change her mind as a result.
If a person thinks of good terms to make a reputation, he will feel confident.
A person goes to the orphanage in order to help the orphans.
A person and others plan to move abroad in order to travel and PersonY wants to be independent.
If a person’s life gets better, he will feel happy.
If a person grows closer to others's family, he will feel comfortable.
If a person realizes he has done wrong, he will feel ashamed.
If a person regrets his mistake, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person is crafty, he is skilled at crafting as a result.
A person prepares for big-game hunting in order to become a successful hunter.
If a person plans to go on a date, he will feel happy.
If a person watches the baseball game, he will feel interested.
If a person devotes time to some friends, he gets to know his friends better as a result.
If a person gets ready to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person has come to the right place, he will feel confident.
If a person attends every class, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes a good remark, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to do this every year, he will feel happy.
If a person gets used to new medication, he will feel better.
If a person resents being kept out of the investigation, he will feel angry.
A person looks for alternative ways in order to avoid using the same methods.
If a person had a fantastic time with others, he will feel delighted.
A person makes the effort in order to do well.
If a person shares a joke with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person is concerned about her spouse, he wants to help her spouse.
If a person knows a lot of things, he is smart as a result.
A person follows others's car in order to see where PersonY is going.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets an act, he wants to avoid that act.
If a person starts to do work for others, he earns money as a result.
A person is allowed to work independently in order to be self sufficient.
If a person puts a lot of effort into this, he will feel pleased.
If a person argues with the manager, he will feel irritated.
If a person questions the source, he wants to know the truth.
A person contacts others to discuss their differences in order to solve their differences.
If a person prepares a bouquet of flowers, he wants to give the flowers to someone.
If a person explores many countries, he becomes a world traveler as a result.
If a person is expecting others, he wants to get ready for PersonY.
If a person becomes a successful lawyer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes a bike, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person gets his facts straight, he will feel confident.
If a person knows how to enjoy, he will feel content.
If a person spends time at the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person enjoys a favorite meal, he will feel content.
If a person starts living a better life, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a clean break, he will feel liberated.
If a person picks out the right wine, he is pleased with the wine as a result.
If a person finds new love, he will feel loved.
A person works out three times a week in order to be healthy.
A person looks at others's data in order to understand PersonY's data.
If a person starts feeling cold, he wants to stay warm.
A person gives her mother a hug in order to be close to her mother.
If a person gets bored in meetings, he wants to get out of meetings.
If a person is back in control, he is happy as a result.
If a person's life improves, he will feel joyful.
A person tries to listen to others in order to understand PersonY.
A person brings others up-to-date in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person and others share a drink, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
If a person attends an AA meeting, he gets sober as a result.
If a person finds a shelter, he will feel comforted.
A person walks to the store in order to get something.
If a person suspects something is wrong, he wants to figure out what is wrong.
If a person values that others helps him, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
A person tries the idea in order to see if the idea will work.
A person faces monster head-on in order to defeat the monster.
If a person joins the staff, he is seen as a team player.
A person fixes the necklace in order to return the necklace to its original state.
If a person works out a schedule, he will feel organized.
A person meets face to face with others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person teaches others to clean up after oneself in order PersonY to be more responsible.
If a person realises a mistake, he corrects the mistake as a result.
If a person reaches the top, he is happy as a result.
A person begins to work out at the gym in order to be healthy.
A person takes a day off from work in order to rest.
If a person finally gets some action, he will feel energized.
A person finally decides to quit smoking in order to be healthy.
If a person works out the formula, he will feel accomplished.
If a person enjoys his free time, he will feel relaxed.
A person reaches others's bedside in order to be with PersonY.
A person plays guitar for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds what they want, he is happy as a result.
If a person succeeds in escaping, he will feel triumphant.
If a person decides to pursue academic studies, he wants to study harder.
If a person passes a school examination, he will feel pleased.
A person goes away for a day in order to have a break.
If a person manages the store, he will feel competent.
If a person practices an art form, he will feel talented.
If a person talks to his guests, he gets to know his guests as a result.
If a person thinks more deeply, he becomes a better thinker as a result.
If a person enjoys listening to music, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes that he was guilty, he wants to confess.
If a person takes over a company, he will feel powerful.
If a person creates a new life for herself, he will feel happy.
A person confronts him or herself in order to learn more about himself or herself.
If a person lives a life of glory, he is happy as a result.
If a person puts a house in order, he will feel in control.
If a person gets into a conflict, he will feel upset.
If a person visits her sick mother, he wants to be with her mother.
If a person focuses on the people, he wants to help people.
If a person does something for herself, he is proud of herself as a result.
If a person gives himself a workout, he wants to be in shape.
If a person gains support, he will feel encouraged.
A person refines 's business in order to be a better business owner.
If a person eats and enjoys, he will feel happy.
A person visits the antique shop in order to look at the old things.
If a person has something on his mind, he wants to tell someone.
If a person finds something to read, he will feel content.
If a person says something nice, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a master negotiator, he is able to negotiate a better deal as a result.
If a person continues to train, he will feel motivated.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he will feel pleased.
If a person is awarded a scholarship, he is successful in school as a result.
If a person gains a romantic partner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person paints at home, he will feel creative.
If a person wins a special prize, he will feel happy.
If a person works on others's staff, he learns to work with PersonY as a result.
If a person chooses the right item, he will feel happy.
If a person is good at cooking, he makes a great meal as a result.
If a person is feeling better, he will feel confident.
If a person has gone to the movies, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to sleep early, he will feel rested.
If a person is confused by something, he wants to figure out what is going on.
A person practices the drums in order to be a good drummer.
If a person is always ready to help, he will feel useful.
If a person is convinced of something, he wants to be right.
If a person finds some time to read, he enjoys reading as a result.
A person returns to therapy in order to get better.
If a person has a nice time with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a nice reward, he is happy as a result.
If a person works at his desk, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others spend quality time together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person sees something is not right, he wants to fix it.
If a person continues working on the project, he wants to finish the project.
If a person is an industrious student, he wants to get good grades.
If a person starts a journal, he writes about her experiences as a result.
If a person drinks lots of alcohol, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is an adult, he will feel mature.
If a person is not happy with his job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person begins and ends with prayer, he will feel peaceful.
If a person thanks others for helping him, he will feel happy.
If a person complains about an illness, he wants to see a doctor.
If a person greets others warmly, he will feel happy.
If a person puts on a tuxedo, he will feel elegant.
If a person signs up for MMA classes, he will feel challenged.
If a person engages in foreplay, he gets aroused as a result.
If a person is made to look foolish, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person feels intrigued, he wants to explore.
If a person breaks into song, he will feel pleased.
If a person stops others on the street, he has a conversation with PersonY as a result.
If a person solves a mystery, he will feel smart.
A person fixes it in order to make things better.
A person fills out a form in order to complete a task.
If a person goes on vacation with friends, he has fun on vacation as a result.
If a person attends law school, he wants to be a lawyer.
If a person is a successful businessman, he has a good reputation as a result.
If a person learns more and more, he will feel competent.
A person walks around the town in order to see what is going on.
If a person enjoys her time alone, he will feel calm.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he will feel afraid.
If a person doesn't like the necklace, he wants to get rid of the necklace.
If a person eats his dessert, he will feel full.
If a person puts on a suit, he will feel professional.
A person practices cooking in order to be good at cooking.
If a person is full of plans, he will feel confident.
A person tries to be articulate in order to be understood.
If a person delivers the goods, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suffers from heat, he wants to stay cool.
A person puts the food on the table in order to serve his family.
If a person gets on in life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gives a false excuse, he is suspected of lying as a result.
A person plans for the meeting in order to be prepared.
If a person thinks others wants to help him, he is happy to have PersonY’s help as a result.
If a person gets distracted by an idea, he loses focus as a result.
If a person is reunited with his family, he is happy as a result.
A person listens to the world in order to know what is going on.
If a person enjoys a leisurely stroll, he will feel relaxed.
If a person wants to think about what others said, he will feel thoughtful.
A person thinks about going for a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person argues with his friends, he will feel upset.
If a person goes out to a movie, he has a good time as a result.
If a person loves to sing, he wants to sing more.
If a person gets complimented, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a pat on the back, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person makes an early start, he will feel eager.
A person fills out a loan application in order to be approved for a loan.
A person mows the lawn in order to keep the lawn looking nice.
A person asks others to go for a walk in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person regrets her choices, he wants to change her choices.
If a person watches movies and television shows, he will feel entertained.
If a person is forced to rethink everything, he makes changes as a result.
If a person succeeds in telling others something, he gets PersonY’s attention as a result.
A person decides to get up early in order to be on time.
If a person believes that others is cheating, he wants to prove that PersonY is cheating.
If a person works for three months, he will feel productive.
If a person is concerned about others's feelings, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person gives a great presentation, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes aware of a threat, he wants to find out what the threat is.
If a person and others go cycling, he and PersonY get fit as a result.
If a person persuades others to come back, he will feel victorious.
A person buys some cat food in order to make sure his cat is well fed.
If a person likes to meditate, he feels more relaxed as a result.
If a person and others go to the theater, he will feel entertained.
A person takes the car out for a spin in order to be able to drive the car.
A person has been a good mother in order to make sure her children are happy.
If a person has a good year, he will feel content.
If a person gets out of it, he will feel relaxed.
A person lets others say whatever he wants in order to let PersonY be himself.
If a person has high expectations for self, he wants to meet those expectations.
If a person tidies his room, he will feel tidy.
If a person helps a politician campaign, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins a dance contest, he will feel confident.
If a person and others give each other a big hug, he will feel loving.
If a person shares their experiences with others, he will feel connected.
A person takes an important step in order to make a change.
If a person grows tired of this place, he wants to leave.
A person lifts others’s hand in order to help PersonY.
A person gets on his feet in order to be independent.
A person performs an investigation in order to learn more about the case.
If a person takes on too much, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person reads news online, he will feel informed.
If a person is undecided about others, he wants to make up his mind.
If a person has an important business deal, he is happy as a result.
If a person shops for work clothes, he looks professional as a result.
If a person dines out often, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a job offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns more about life, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person is hung-over, he will feel miserable.
If a person is walking on thin ice, he will feel cautious.
A person calls a helpline in order to talk to someone.
If a person lands on a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets ready for a holiday, he is excited about the holiday as a result.
If a person listens to an authority figure, he will feel obedient.
If a person had a difficult day, he is sad as a result.
If a person begins living at home, he will feel secure.
If a person makes some friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person thanks others for being a friend, he will feel happy.
A person works out constantly in order to be in shape.
If a person finds what he's looking for, he will feel happy.
If a person has a romantic evening, he is happy as a result.
If a person wants to be smart, he wants to study.
If a person was exhausted, he wants to sleep.
If a person eats it right away, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes to plan, he will feel organized.
If a person is worried about being wet, he wants to dry off.
If a person has an excellent time, he is happy as a result.
If a person trains for years, he is seen as determined.
If a person eventually had enough, he wants to stop.
If a person scores the winning point, he will feel triumphant.
A person encourages others to try again in order PersonY to be successful.
If a person gets others to admit something, he will feel victorious.
If a person takes a road trip, he sees the world as a result.
A person cleans out the apartment in order to get rid of old things.
A person plays the role of a listener in order to be a good listener.
If a person and others have a deep understanding, he and PersonY have a close relationship as a result.
If a person has an important business deal, he is pleased with the deal as a result.
If a person jumps into the fray, he will feel excited.
If a person gets a nice gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person is looked after by others, he will feel cared for.
If a person attends the fair, he has fun as a result.
If a person downloads music, he will feel entertained.
If a person always manages to find the time, he has time to do what he wants as a result.
If a person overcomes fears, he will feel confident.
If a person feels indebted to others, he wants to pay PersonY back.
If a person takes responsibility for her own well-being, he learns to make her own decisions as a result.
If a person is disturbed by what he sees, he will feel frightened.
If a person gets a head start, he will feel confident.
If a person moves in with others’s kids, he gets to know the kids as a result.
If a person volunteers for a task, he will feel pleased.
If a person applies to a college, he will feel hopeful.
A person moves towards a well in order to get water.
If a person receives a better job offer, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a happy ending, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a new problem, he wants to find a solution.
If a person listens to a stereo, he will feel entertained.
A person prepares to leave town in order to start a new life.
If a person sings again, he will feel happy.
If a person maintains a steady gaze, he will feel focused.
If a person receives great service, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on himself, he wants to be healthy.
If a person achieves great success, he is happy as a result.
If a person is brokenhearted, he wants to cry.
If a person goes to bed with an aching heart, he wants to be alone.
If a person can't figure out what to do, he will feel confused.
If a person fixes the place, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets hit by a car, he is injured as a result.
If a person visits her old school, he remembers the past as a result.
If a person discovers a new love, he becomes happy as a result.
A person needs to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person gets free training, he gains experience as a result.
If a person takes up exercise, he will feel fit.
If a person is successful in his business, he will feel pleased.
If a person always keeps a set schedule, he is always on time as a result.
A person visits others’s relatives in order to spend time with PersonY’s family.
If a person mails an application, he wants to be accepted.
If a person is living the good life, he will feel content.
If a person is eventually elected the Speaker of the House, he is a successful politician as a result.
If a person welcomes others's advice, he will feel supported.
A person consults a doctor in order to get better.
If a person is a quiet person, he is an introvert as a result.
If a person learns to appreciate friends, he wants to be more friendly.
A person listens to his neighbors in order to be a good neighbor.
If a person and others pass each other in the street, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person calls a friend for advice, he is helped by his friend as a result.
If a person looks forward to changing her image, he is pleased with her new look as a result.
If a person and others goes out for a drink, he and PersonY gets drunk as a result.
If a person lives a drama-free life, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds himself a job, he will feel happy.
If a person is a successful painter, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person puts on a dress, he will feel sexy.
If a person wins in a competition, he will feel confident.
A person manages others's budget in order to be able to pay for PersonY's expenses.
If a person talks with a neighbor, he learns to communicate as a result.
If a person plays some games, he will feel amused.
If a person says something regrettable, he wants to apologize.
If a person enjoys the sunset, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person gets the gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person sleeps all night, he will feel rested.
If a person enjoys an evening with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person lands a book contract, he is pleased as a result.
If a person works harder, he will feel motivated.
A person studied, for sure in order to do well in school.
A person will go to church in order to be religious.
If a person realizes that his cousin needs help, he will feel sympathetic.
If a person commits to a plan, he wants to see it through.
A person goes to others’s company in order to learn about PersonY’s company.
If a person looks like a winner, he will feel confident.
A person tries to describe others in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he will feel content.
If a person is watching a film, he will feel entertained.
If a person comes to the market, he wants to buy food.
If a person has found the answer, he is happy as a result.
A person puts her arms around others in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person begins to feel better, he will feel content.
A person holds others in a tight embrace in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person says "yes" to opportunity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a shower, he will feel clean.
A person studies hard in order to be successful.
If a person makes friends with others, he will feel comfortable.
A person starts to meditate in order to focus on his own thoughts.
If a person puts on a pot of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person initiates marriage to others, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to take on the task, he wants to get it done.
A person has a walk on the beach in order to relax.
A person participates in family traditions in order to feel part of the family.
A person has time to talk to others in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person rushes home to check on others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person resolves the situation, he will feel confident.
A person tries to care about others in order to be a good person.
If a person immediately returned the favor, he will feel happy.
If a person is exasperated by others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person tells an interesting story, he is listened to as a result.
If a person tries to paint a picture, he will feel artistic.
If a person helps solve a crime, he will feel confident.
A person collaborates with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes the opportunity to talk, he learns to express himself as a result.
If a person watches a musical, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns from their mistake, he wants to not make the same mistake again.
If a person shouldn't give up, he wants to keep trying.
A person teaches self how to program in order to be able to code.
A person asks others about playing the guitar in order to learn how to play the guitar.
A person and others make the decision together in order to be on the same page as PersonY.
If a person continues to go for his degree, he will feel determined.
If a person escapes the angry mob, he will feel safe.
A person spends three years on the family farm in order to help his family.
A person prepares a weapon in order to protect himself.
If a person finds out about a murder, he gets involved in the investigation as a result.
If a person doesn't really want to hurt others, he does not harm PersonY as a result.
If a person writes something, he will feel productive.
If a person learns to be kind, he will feel good.
If a person dresses up in her mother's clothes, he feels comfortable in her mother's clothes as a result.
If a person dances freely, he will feel joyful.
A person reads the instructions again in order to understand the instructions.
If a person and others got to know each other, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person does not get too close in order to be cautious.
If a person worries about his conduct, he wants to behave better.
A person is moving in with others in order to be closer to PersonY.
If a person puts down roots, he will feel secure.
A person studies every night in order to do well in school.
If a person is puzzled by the change, he wants to understand.
If a person returns to his normal routine, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes steps to correct the situation, he will feel resolved.
If a person goes skiing with the family, he has fun as a result.
If a person takes up skating, he becomes a better skater as a result.
If a person encourages himself, he becomes more confident as a result.
A person has tried her best in order to be successful.
A person tells others not to leave in order to make sure PersonY stays.
If a person gets work, he will feel pleased.
If a person dresses up for the party, he will feel pretty.
A person practices good manners in order to be a good person.
If a person thinks about closing down, he will feel worried.
If a person stops a thief, he will feel victorious.
If a person and others exercise, he and PersonY are fit as a result.
A person decides to buy others a drink in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person observes himself in the mirror in order to be aware of his appearance.
If a person likes to order out, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a stroll, he will feel peaceful.
If a person hears from an unexpected source, he learns something new as a result.
If a person works on the X Project, he will feel productive.
If a person worries that others will be left behind, he wants to make sure PersonY stays with them.
If a person and others find love, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person starts learning to play the violin, he becomes a better violinist as a result.
A person reinforces others's commitment in order to keep PersonY on track.
If a person wins a swimming race, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person considers others's options, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person speaks to her mother on the phone, he is glad to hear from her mother as a result.
If a person wins a lawsuit, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a rare guitar, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes part in a get-together, he has fun as a result.
A person teaches himself to draw in order to be creative.
If a person blames the cat for making noise, he wants to get rid of the cat.
A person enrolls for gym in order to be fit.
If a person finds it at a low price, he will feel pleased.
If a person seeks others's advice, he receives advice as a result.
If a person says yes to a project, he will feel pleased.
If a person puts on the make-up, he looks more attractive as a result.
If a person fears that others may die, he will feel anxious.
A person practices breaking bricks in order to be a better brick breaker.
If a person's life is in order, he is happy as a result.
If a person is unhappy about something, he wants to do something about it.
If a person's love life improves, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys walking in the mountains, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets accepted to grad school, he wants to finish school.
If a person finds a fiancé, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks about an idea, he wants to pursue the idea.
If a person learns to use a computer, he will feel skilled.
If a person is concerned about something, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person claims the reward, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes a writing class in order to be a writer.
A person decides to take a walk in order to clear her mind.
A person attempts to talk in order to be heard.
If a person finds a sense of meaning, he will feel content.
If a person sits in church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person enjoys some time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person spends time with her parents, he feels close to her parents as a result.
If a person gets to rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person practices juggling, he gets better at juggling as a result.
A person pulls others aside in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person sends  to school in order to make sure PersonX gets an education.
If a person spends the afternoon in the park, he has a nice time as a result.
If a person learns the facts, he will feel enlightened.
If a person arranges to meet the doctor, he gets a checkup as a result.
A person offer others more information in order to help PersonY.
A person writes in his journal in order to record his thoughts.
A person arrives at the correct decision in order to do the right thing.
If a person and others go on a trip together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person finds a girlfriend, he is happy as a result.
A person trains all day in order to be fit.
If a person chooses his own friends, he will feel independent.
If a person speaks with confidence, he will feel powerful.
If a person tries to improve his life, he makes a few changes as a result.
If a person thinks over what to do, he wants to make a decision.
A person returns to a previous project in order to get his previous project back on track.
If a person gets used to this life, he will feel secure.
If a person gets into the hot spring, he will feel refreshed.
If a person runs off to new places, he gains new experiences as a result.
If a person recognizes that something is wrong, he wants to fix it.
If a person uses good grammar, he is seen as well-educated.
If a person has lots of sex, he will feel happy.
A person thinks hard about things in order to understand things.
A person goes in a different direction in order to explore a new path.
A person pushes others to grow in order PersonY to be a better person.
If a person's mother is ill, he will feel concerned.
If a person wants to be smarter, he wants to study harder.
If a person begins to pack for a vacation, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person overworked, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person arranges a hair appointment, he has a new hairstyle as a result.
If a person retrieves the ball, he will feel victorious.
If a person is stabbed, he will feel in pain.
If a person works to make money, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a cool job, he will feel excited.
If a person has a funny side, he makes people laugh as a result.
If a person cannot concentrate, he will feel confused.
If a person wears the latest fashion, he will feel stylish.
If a person puts on the new dress, he will feel pleased.
If a person practices self-discipline, he will feel relaxed.
If a person looks after himself, he will feel confident.
If a person finds what she’s looking for, he will feel content.
A person spends time with others's family in order to get to know PersonY's family.
If a person gets totally confused, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person has a lucky break, he will feel happy.
If a person puts on some color, he will feel cheerful.
A person continues working hard in order to be a good employee.
A person organizes a clean-up day in order to be environmentally friendly.
If a person manages to change, he wants to be a different person.
If a person rests on a park bench, he will feel peaceful.
If a person thinks about making others feel better, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person tries to fix the printer in order to be able to work on the printer.
A person returns to work in order to be productive.
If a person works until he can't think, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person realizes a need, he wants to do something about it.
If a person has found an error, he wants to correct the error.
If a person enjoys talking with others, he will feel content.
If a person feels a threat, he wants to be protected.
If a person cannot deal with others, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person attends classes, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes discontented, he wants to do something about it.
If a person gets fit, he will feel strong.
A person decides to move overseas in order to be independent.
A person observes a situation in order to understand the situation.
If a person leads a very interesting life, he will feel inspired.
If a person starts binge drinking, he becomes a drunk as a result.
If a person complains about having the flu, he wants to go to the doctor.
A person gives others a nice present in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person learns to like himself, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person is in a rut, he will feel sad.
If a person buys a new phone, he will feel pleased.
A person tells the other guy to go for it in order the other guy to succeed.
A person confronts the situation in order to be assertive.
If a person breaks an oath, he will feel guilty.
A person teaches others to clean up after oneself in order PersonY to learn responsibility.
A person practices fencing in order to improve his skills.
If a person becomes accustomed to living on his own, he will feel free.
If a person finally found the right job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does a good job with a new project, he will feel proud.
If a person puts on his make-up, he will feel confident.
A person takes others to a picnic in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person's purpose is fulfilled, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes a poem written by others, he wants to read the poem.
A person creates a to-do list in order to be organized.
If a person is passionate about coding, he wants to learn more.
If a person trains in a new place, he gets fit as a result.
A person feeds the beggar in order to help others.
If a person reads others's books, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person asks if others is comfortable in order to be sure PersonY is okay.
If a person disagrees with the choice, he wants to choose a different option.
If a person persuades others to act, he will feel successful.
If a person enjoys his life, he wants to keep living.
A person meets with a friend in order to talk to a friend.
If a person makes dinner for the family, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person has a pleasant surprise, he is happy as a result.
If a person gazes at the bathroom window, he wants to see what's outside.
A person pays to learn how to play in order to be good at something.
If a person puts in his application, he wants to be accepted.
A person feeds the dog in order to make sure the dog is well fed.
If a person invents a clever plan, he will feel smart.
If a person appears on the verge of victory, he will feel excited.
If a person finds her self in doubt, he wants to be sure.
If a person is given a plan, he will feel motivated.
If a person suspects someone, he wants to investigate.
A person leaves for the doctor in order to be well.
If a person learns about news, he will feel informed.
If a person gets a big headache, he will feel miserable.
A person teaches his art in order to share his art with the world.
If a person felt guilty, he apologizes as a result.
If a person swims for exercise, he will feel refreshed.
If a person performs to the crowd, he is applauded by the crowd as a result.
If a person encourages others to take action, he wants PersonY to be successful.
If a person asks others about PersonZ, he wants to know more about PersonZ.
If a person makes plans to go on a cruise, he will feel happy.
If a person tries hard to meet others's standards, he wants to do everything PersonY wants.
A person decides to go to the park in order to get some fresh air.
If a person tries to understand others, he will feel open.
If a person thinks about it before doing it, he will feel prepared.
If a person shares a joke with friends, he will feel amused.
A person cleans the air filters in order to keep the air clean.
If a person returns from the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person starts reading a book, he will feel absorbed.
If a person watches several videos, he will feel entertained.
A person writes to her mother in order to keep her mother informed.
If a person and others are in the bedroom, he and PersonY are making love as a result.
If a person expands his spiritual horizons, he wants to learn more about God.
If a person eats with gusto, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels strong emotions, he wants to express these emotions.
If a person gets his things together, he will feel relaxed.
If a person wins in a competition, he will feel proud.
If a person selects the right word, he will feel pleased.
A person persists in questioning others in order to know the truth.
A person questions the agenda in order to know the truth.
If a person gets an idea, he wants to make a plan.
If a person heads out from home to go fishing, he will feel excited.
If a person wins out, he is pleased as a result.
If a person responds to adversity, he will feel resilient.
If a person searches for a cure, he will feel determined.
If a person gets congratulated, he is happy as a result.
If a person sets up a successful business, he will feel happy.
If a person visits personY at home, he gets to know personY as a result.
If a person comes from a noble family, he will feel distinguished.
If a person tidies up the place, he will feel neat.
If a person argues with the author, he is angry as a result.
If a person knows what to do, he will feel in control.
A person sends out a message in order to communicate with the outside world.
If a person asks someone else's opinion, he gets advice as a result.
If a person likes that suggestion, he wants to do that.
If a person wants to earn some money, he wants to get a job.
If a person discovers some truths, he will feel enlightened.
If a person has enough to eat, he will feel full.
If a person is doing well, he will feel content.
A person spends time in prayer in order to be in the presence of God.
If a person earns some respect, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person buys the latest gadget, he will feel satisfied.
If a person appears on the verge of victory, he will feel confident.
A person agrees to go for a walk in order to get out of the house.
If a person reads an article in an old newspaper, he will feel curious.
If a person rests at home, he feels well rested as a result.
If a person gets a seat in the plane, he gets to his destination as a result.
If a person realises how valuable others's advice is, he listens to PersonY as a result.
If a person dances with someone, he will feel happy.
If a person learns on the go, he will feel intelligent.
If a person studies different opinions, he has a new perspective as a result.
If a person accuses others of intruding, he wants to keep PersonY out.
If a person suspects something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person makes arrangements for an activity, he will feel happy.
If a person plans an outing, he will feel happy.
If a person observes what is happening, he will feel interested.
A person makes a call on the telephone in order to communicate with someone.
If a person rereads a book, he learns something new as a result.
If a person gets offered a promotion, he will feel happy.
A person starts to think about leaving in order to be free.
A person posts it on the Internet in order to share it with the world.
A person follows the car in order to see where the car is going.
If a person looks for a hidden message, he wants to decode the message.
If a person is accepted at a prestigious university, he is happy as a result.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys a nice conversation, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good dinner, he is full as a result.
If a person plays tricks on the audience, he will feel clever.
If a person performs a science experiment, he learns about science as a result.
If a person exercises to relax, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets into the argument, he will feel upset.
If a person said a prayer, he will feel calm.
A person begins to take action in order to make a difference.
If a person finds a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to call others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person cooks a wonderful meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person pushes himself to work in order to be a good employee.
If a person was dissatisfied, he wants to be satisfied.
A person sends flowers to the funeral in order to express his condolences.
If a person explains to a relative, he is understood as a result.
If a person is a well-respected member of society, he will feel happy.
If a person encounters a terrible scene, he will feel upset.
A person moves to the next step in order to make progress.
If a person and others rekindle their relationship, he will feel excited.
If a person is now in charge, he will feel strong.
If a person and others decide to do something together, he and PersonY are happy together as a result.
If a person gets involved in a conversation, he wants to talk to the other person.
A person explains a situation in order to make the situation clear.
If a person comes up with a way to entertain him, he will feel satisfied.
A person works in the yard in order to be outside.
If a person is a really good poet, he is a published poet as a result.
A person stops to look at a sunset in order to appreciate nature.
If a person notices a detail, he wants to pay attention.
A person talks to his mother in order to know how his mother is doing.
A person sends a company-wide email in order to communicate with the whole company.
If a person has a job offer, he will feel happy.
If a person pulled a muscle in his back, he will feel sore.
A person comes to see others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person wins the gold, he will feel triumphant.
If a person makes a major purchase, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys the answer, he will feel happy.
A person practices being polite in order to be liked.
If a person starts reading a new book, he wants to read more.
If a person figures out a solution, he will feel clever.
A person practices an art form in order to be creative.
If a person has money stolen, he wants to get the money back.
If a person decides to take an English course, he improves his English as a result.
If a person gets close to his mother, he learns to communicate with his mother as a result.
A person arranges the flowers in order to make the flowers look beautiful.
A person takes an interesting walk in order to experience something new.
If a person regrets doing something, he doesn’t do it again as a result.
If a person performs a job, he will feel competent.
If a person showers and gets dressed, he gets ready for work as a result.
A person helps to carry others’s groceries in order to help PersonY.
A person carves out a niche in order to be unique.
If a person falls under others's command, he will feel obedient.
If a person takes it in stride, he will feel okay.
If a person found a perfect hiding place, he will feel secure.
If a person makes himself more comfortable, he will feel happy.
If a person comes to others's rescue, he saves PersonY's life as a result.
If a person's purpose is completed, he will feel happy.
If a person has become successful, he will feel satisfied.
A person sticks with others in order to be loyal to PersonY.
If a person has a great vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person hops about, he will feel energized.
A person takes chances in order to be more adventurous.
If a person receives praise from others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person deals with problem, he has a solution as a result.
If a person moves into a new apartment, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets her deeds, he wants to change her ways.
If a person rushes to do laundry, he gets her clothes clean as a result.
A person asks someone out in order to start a relationship.
A person chooses for himself in order to be in control of his own life.
If a person takes back his words, he wants to apologize.
If a person sees a potential problem, he takes action as a result.
If a person buys a nice frame, he is pleased with the frame as a result.
A person continues to visit others in order to help PersonY.
If a person feels like he's winning, he will feel confident.
If a person gives 's servant a much deserved raise, he 's servant is pleased as a result.
If a person decides to make things better, he will feel hopeful.
If a person prepares well, he will feel confident.
If a person signs up for classes, he will feel excited.
If a person regrets their action, he wants to undo their action.
If a person works on his hobby, he gets better at his hobby as a result.
If a person looks after himself, he will feel in control.
If a person carries on an interesting conversation, he is entertained as a result.
If a person decides to make a difference, he helps others as a result.
If a person contacts friends, he wants to stay in touch.
If a person has a spontaneous walk on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
If a person helps someone out, he will feel good.
A person picks up the diary in order to read the diary.
If a person becomes suspicious, he wants to be sure.
A person has a chat with her mother in order to understand her mother.
A person goes to her parents in order to talk to her parents.
A person goes ahead with her work in order to finish her work.
If a person discovers what he wants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suffers greatly in the end, he will feel miserable.
If a person attends church service, he feels a connection to God as a result.
If a person makes it work, he will feel happy.
A person sends money to family in order to help his family.
If a person gets a gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets into a wreck, he is injured as a result.
A person has a meeting with a lawyer in order to get legal advice.
If a person decides to buy something for himself, he will feel pleased.
If a person explains the procedure, he is seen as competent.
If a person understands the special needs of others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person plays with others, he will feel included.
A person puts in time in order to get the job done.
If a person has not got enough money, he will feel poor.
If a person realizes there’s a conflict, he wants to resolve the conflict.
A person brings out the lost sheep in order to bring the sheep back to the flock.
If a person lives a long, healthy life, he will feel happy.
If a person relaxes in the park, he gets some sun as a result.
If a person finds a great job, he will feel happy.
A person entrusts others with a private secret in order to be able to trust PersonY.
A person decides to begin martial arts training in order to learn self defense.
A person continues working hard in order to get ahead.
If a person takes time to have a rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he becomes more creative as a result.
If a person has a fight with family, he will feel angry.
If a person can handle things for himself, he will feel in control.
If a person is more worried about others's feelings, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person accepts the offer, he is happy as a result.
If a person experiences difficulties, he will feel frustrated.
If a person learns to wait, he will feel patient.
If a person develops a strategy, he wants to win.
If a person receives a hug from others, he will feel comforted.
If a person gets on the move, he will feel excited.
If a person hosts a community meeting, he wants to meet new people.
If a person wants to try others's idea, he will feel hopeful.
A person continues to provide for others in order to make sure PersonY is taken care of.
If a person and others go to a play, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person has a gift delivered, he will feel pleased.
If a person wonders why others is so angry, he wants to understand PersonY.
A person searches the web in order to be more informed.
If a person sees the beautiful sunset, he is happy as a result.
If a person digs himself deeper, he gets into trouble as a result.
A person walks through park in order to be outside.
A person engages in a lot of trade in order to earn money.
If a person expresses a concern, he wants to feel better.
If a person is determined to be a better person, he is a better person as a result.
If a person decides to give others a chance, he will feel hopeful.
If a person drinks lots of alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person continues to have a good life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is close to a panic attack, he wants to calm down.
If a person turns the magazine over, he wants to read the other side.
A person teaches himself to draw in order to express himself.
If a person doubts others’s response, he wants to be sure.
If a person is well known, he will feel popular.
If a person competes for others's position, he wants to win.
If a person realizes that others is in danger, he wants to save PersonY.
If a person appreciates the story, he wants to hear more.
A person pushes it in order to get the job done.
If a person comes home for Christmas, he is happy to see his family as a result.
If a person buys an item, he will feel pleased.
If a person’s finances plummet, he will feel in trouble.
If a person builds a wall to protect herself, he will feel strong.
If a person gains interest in others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person cleans the floors in order to be neat.
A person walks away with the cake in order to keep the cake for himself.
A person feeds everyone in order to make sure everyone is well fed.
If a person changes others's outfit, he makes PersonY look good as a result.
If a person decides to make an attempt, he wants to make a good attempt.
If a person regrets her words, he apologizes as a result.
If a person rests a little, he will feel refreshed.
A person takes a warm bath in order to relax.
If a person makes a donation to charity, he will feel good.
If a person dresses as a lady, he will feel elegant.
If a person indulges in a dangerous sport, he injures himself as a result.
If a person doesn’t get enough sleep, he will feel tired.
A person goes to the Internet café in order to look up information.
If a person attends a circus, he has fun as a result.
A person moves out of the country in order to live a different life.
If a person wants to make things better, he wants to help others.
If a person told a joke to others, he made PersonY laugh as a result.
A person trains at the gym in order to be in shape.
If a person convinces others to take more time off, he will feel pleased.
If a person is so ill, he will feel miserable.
If a person finds others's idea untenable, he convinces PersonY to abandon the idea as a result.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he gets a new job as a result.
If a person goes through a bad day, he will feel depressed.
If a person becomes the leader of a gang, he will feel powerful.
A person gives others a free hand in order to support PersonY.
A person repairs something in order to make things better.
If a person learns more, he becomes more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person prepares for class, he will feel ready.
If a person receives a get-well card, he will feel appreciated.
If a person is handling a job well, he will feel happy.
A person walks to others's house in order to see PersonY.
If a person decides to stay, he will feel content.
A person writes the blog post in order to share his experience.
If a person is about to take a shower, he will feel clean.
A person buys his own house in order to be independent.
If a person and others attend a performance, he and PersonY enjoy the show as a result.
If a person listens to others's singing, he enjoys PersonY's singing as a result.
If a person makes a meal, he has a good meal as a result.
A person runs an online poll in order to find out what people think.
If a person wears a jacket and pants, he is warm as a result.
If a person arranges his shelves, he will feel organized.
If a person takes good care of himself, he gets healthier as a result.
If a person’s dog is poisoned, he wants to get the dog treated.
If a person exercises more than five times a week, he is seen as fit.
If a person eats up his food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts a new life in a new home, he will feel happy.
If a person is impressed by others's political affiliations, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person sees an exhibition, he will feel entertained.
If a person is sensitive to others's feelings, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person establishes rules for, he will feel organized.
If a person has already ordered dinner, he wants to eat the food.
If a person studies everything, he wants to be smart.
If a person appears interested, he wants to know more.
If a person would be successful, he will feel satisfied.
A person cleans her apartment in order to make her apartment more appealing.
If a person and others start dating, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person goes to a cinema, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to make others feel good in order to be helpful.
A person tells others to try harder in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person gets a lead role in the school play, he will feel pleased.
A person feeds the dogs in order to help the dogs.
If a person tries to see the positive side, he will feel optimistic.
If a person pledges allegiance to others, he wants to do everything PersonY says.
If a person has a possible suspect, he wants to catch the suspect.
A person works on a time table in order to complete a project on time.
A person gets on his laptop in order to do some work.
If a person and others reconnect, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he is more relaxed as a result.
If a person tries harder, he wants to be the best.
If a person draws up a plan, he will feel competent.
If a person realized he made a big mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person realises they have made a mistake, he wants to make amends.
If a person always puts everything back in place, he will feel neat.
If a person is not comfortable, he will feel unhappy.
If a person gets himself together, he will feel in control.
If a person thinks about being there, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person is annoyed by others's pique, he wants to calm PersonY down.
If a person pulls others close, he will feel romantic.
If a person cooks food, he has a good meal as a result.
If a person enjoys a great feast, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys others’s work, he will feel content.
A person prepares others for work in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes over the enterprise, he will feel powerful.
If a person becomes successful, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is an aficionado of the opera, he will feel transported.
If a person's hypothesis seems to be confirmed, he will feel confident.
If a person asks me to resolve a problem, he gets his problem resolved as a result.
If a person makes the winning shot, he will feel happy.
If a person looks at it, he will feel curious.
A person brings presents for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets the opportunity, he is promoted as a result.
If a person enters into marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new bike, he is pleased with his new bike as a result.
If a person passes a fun evening, he will feel happy.
A person checks on the packages in order to make sure the packages are still there.
If a person objects to the plan, he wants to change the plan.
If a person collects art, he will feel creative.
If a person starts to value others, he wants to be more like PersonY.
If a person thinks about what he's done, he will feel guilty.
If a person spends a weekend with family, he will feel content.
If a person had a glass of beer, he will feel a little tipsy.
If a person makes a wonderful discovery, he is excited as a result.
If a person has to try, he wants to succeed.
If a person and others have fun, he will feel happy.
If a person conceives the plan, he will feel confident.
If a person begins to play the sport of golf, he becomes a better golfer as a result.
If a person gets a new bodyguard, he will feel protected.
A person decides to leave his house in order to be independent.
A person lives up to expectations in order to do a good job.
If a person works on an important project, he will feel motivated.
If a person lives a new life, he becomes happy as a result.
A person reads all the books in order to learn.
If a person decides to look for a new job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person faces sudden danger, he wants to stay safe.
If a person looks it up in the dictionary, he wants to know what it means.
If a person agrees to buy something, he will feel happy.
If a person cannot stand others's children, he wants to avoid PersonY's children.
If a person often thinks about science, he will feel curious.
If a person takes on a high profile job, he will feel important.
A person advocates for human rights in order to make the world a better place.
A person changes perspective in order to be able to look at things from a different perspective.
If a person reads some books, he learns to read as a result.
A person goes to dinner with her family in order to spend time with her family.
If a person has a gift delivered, he wants to open the gift.
If a person goes to a cinema, he is entertained as a result.
If a person studies to make doctor, he becomes a doctor as a result.
If a person states a purpose, he wants to achieve his purpose.
If a person trains for a 100-mile hike, he will feel determined.
If a person receives a personal gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person finally gets an answer, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets some good advice, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets others's expectations, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person outmaneuvers others, he will feel superior.
If a person dances to a tune, he will feel happy.
If a person spends time with her mom, he will feel close.
If a person pays attention to the road, he will feel focused.
If a person goes through a private lesson, he will feel challenged.
If a person is able to explain it, he has a good explanation as a result.
If a person has a good heart, he wants to help people.
If a person is good at getting information, he will feel informed.
A person spends a lot of time talking in order to communicate with others.
If a person goes to a religious mass, he will feel reverent.
A person reads others’s article in order to understand PersonY’s ideas.
If a person is easy to live with, he gets along well with others as a result.
If a person take a vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finally lands a job, he will feel excited.
If a person meets friends to drink, he is drunk as a result.
If a person manages to write something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person heads over, he wants to talk to someone.
If a person’s finances plummet, he will feel worried.
If a person and others looked around, he will feel curious.
If a person makes progress, he will feel encouraged.
If a person finds it difficult to get to work, he will feel frustrated.
If a person goes into the gym, he gets fit as a result.
If a person gets an amazing idea, he will feel excited.
If a person eats some delicious dessert, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sets things right, he will feel happy.
A person develops a better product in order to be the best.
A person and others go to the library in order to read a book and PersonY wants to get a book.
If a person finds a fiancé, he will feel happy.
If a person has committed a crime, he will feel guilty.
A person asks others for a hug in order to feel close to PersonY.
A person organizes a job in order to have a steady income.
If a person snuggles closer, he will feel content.
If a person is concerned about the gambling operations, he wants to find out more about the operation.
If a person listens to relaxing music, he will feel calm.
If a person, others, and PersonZ eat dinner, he , PersonY, and PersonZ are full as a result.
A person considers others's views in order to understand PersonY's ideas.
If a person sees the good in others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person listens to his elders in order to be respectful.
A person walks to the theater in order to see a movie.
If a person continues with her work, he will feel motivated.
If a person has studied English for a long time, he can speak English fluently as a result.
If a person is offered a very good job, he will feel elated.
If a person does not tolerate bullying, he wants to fight the bully.
If a person enjoys her favorite music, he will feel joyful.
A person leads a separate life in order to be alone.
A person starts to read the menu in order to learn the menu.
A person takes others on a trip in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person takes things more easily, he will feel confident.
If a person solves others's problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others first kiss, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person puts her arms around others, he will feel content.
A person visits his father in order to spend time with his father.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel content.
If a person has a romantic rendezvous, he will feel excited.
If a person receives some information, he wants to use the information.
If a person practices his preaching, he will feel spiritual.
If a person's work is done, he will feel pleased.
A person joins a protest in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person works hard to find an alternative, he will feel inspired.
If a person goes in for a swim, he will feel refreshed.
If a person joins a sporting club, he gains fitness as a result.
If a person is covered in thick flames, he is burnt as a result.
If a person has a quiet Sunday, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person turns it over to God, he is more spiritual as a result.
If a person is offered a great job, he accepts the job as a result.
If a person feels a little better, he is in a better mood as a result.
If a person agrees to go on a date with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person completes the ultimate goal, he will feel proud.
If a person learns a new dance, he will feel inspired.
If a person grows closer to Logan, he wants to spend more time with Logan.
If a person practises being tough, he is seen as a tough guy as a result.
If a person takes up exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person has come to the party, he wants to meet new people.
A person teaches others the right way in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets drinks, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds his calling, he wants to pursue his calling.
If a person takes a painting class, he will feel inspired.
If a person has an emotional reaction, he wants to cry.
A person talks to DoctorY in order to be able to communicate with DoctorY.
If a person thinks about running away, he will feel anxious.
If a person enjoys this journey, he wants to continue.
If a person sees a great movie, he wants to see it again as a result.
A person is going to the doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person grows sick of something, he wants to get away from it.
If a person gets dressed for work, he will feel prepared.
If a person practices to win, he will feel confident.
If a person makes an unpleasant discovery, he will feel disturbed.
A person begins his trip in order to explore the world.
If a person has something good happen, he will feel happy.
If a person always does his homework, he will feel motivated.
If a person dresses in the classic clothing, he looks good as a result.
If a person is appreciated by his friends, he will feel respected.
If a person is fond of a place, he wants to visit that place.
If a person dances at the nightclub, he will feel good.
If a person finds fault with the report, he wants to do the report over.
A person always says what he means in order to be honest.
If a person has troubles, he wants to get help.
If a person wins a dance contest, he will feel thrilled.
If a person is dressed to the nines, he will feel sexy.
If a person decides to take others with them, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person creates something amazing, he will feel happy.
A person develops his web page in order to be creative.
If a person agrees with the idea, he will feel content.
If a person is welcomed by everybody, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets his neck broken, he will feel in pain.
If a person makes food from scratch, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes pride in others's compliments, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person dresses in a suit, he will feel cool.
If a person beats others to the finish line, he will feel triumphant.
If a person finds a new place to live, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries to get in the holiday spirit, he will feel festive.
If a person answers questions in the interview, he is seen as articulate.
If a person felt puzzled, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person respects others's opinion, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person learns to drive a car, he will feel competent.
If a person pauses to think, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person realises a mistake, he makes a correction as a result.
If a person accepts a promotion, he will feel happy.
If a person is proud of her collection, he wants to show it off.
If a person reconciles with Courtney, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes through a bad day, he wants to feel better.
A person takes care of things in order to make sure everything is in order.
If a person can't explain what happened, he will feel puzzled.
If a person hears a terrible sound, he will feel alarmed.
If a person has coffee with someone else, he gets to know someone else as a result.
If a person makes a useful discovery, he will feel pleased.
A person confronts the situation in order to solve the problem.
If a person begins to jog, he will feel energetic.
A person deals with issues in order to be able to solve problems.
A person gives her best friend a birthday present in order to make her friend happy.
If a person solves a business problem, he will feel confident.
If a person is learning to read, he wants to read more.
If a person refines 's business, he wants to make more money.
If a person is sick of being treated unfairly, he wants to be treated fairly.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he learns about a new topic as a result.
If a person puts the hammer down, he will feel in control.
If a person enjoys talking with others, he will feel happy.
If a person closes a business deal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he will feel peaceful.
If a person reads the New York Times, he will feel informed.
If a person insists on trying, he will feel hopeful.
If a person accepts a birthday present, he will feel pleased.
If a person discusses religion, he learns more about religion as a result.
A person puts on the make-up in order to look pretty.
If a person lands a big order, he is happy as a result.
A person waits at others's door in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person plays the guitar for fun, he will feel satisfied.
A person cleans the room in order to be tidy.
If a person realizes that she needs to learn from the past, he wants to make amends.
A person buys a can of oil in order to get oil for his car.
If a person argues with the author, he gets angry as a result.
If a person obtains others's agreement, he will feel successful.
If a person's dog goes crazy, he wants to calm down the dog.
If a person shows him a good time, he will feel pleased.
A person goes on a night walk in order to enjoy the night.
If a person suffers a personal loss, he is sad as a result.
A person is cleaning up in order to get rid of clutter.
A person goes to gym class in order to stay in shape.
If a person wins prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person plays a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person takes others into the store in order to help PersonY.
If a person does some work, he will feel productive.
If a person trains long hours, he wants to be a trainer.
A person visits his neighbor in order to talk to his neighbor.
A person decides not to fight in order to avoid violence.
If a person has a nice scene, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is good at getting information, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person attempts to be nice to others in order to be liked.
If a person admits it was wrong, he will feel regretful.
If a person knows his way around, he is confident as a result.
A person is full of plans in order to do something great.
If a person invests money in others's business, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person thinks better of his actions, he wants to make better decisions.
If a person is back on track, he will feel content.
If a person works on a story, he will feel productive.
If a person takes a quick shower, he smells nice as a result.
A person brings it up again in order to have a conversation about it.
If a person is more convincing, he will feel confident.
If a person leaves a little better, he will feel optimistic.
If a person and others remember their travels, he will feel nostalgic.
A person questions the local mayor in order to know the truth.
If a person tries to get along, he wants to make friends.
If a person volunteers to help out at the hospital, he will feel useful.
If a person is able to overcome adversity, he will feel triumphant.
If a person wins at chess, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has an obligation to do something, he does the task as a result.
If a person was wounded, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person makes a wise decision, he will feel confident.
If a person discovers a message, he reads the message as a result.
If a person wins others's friendship, he wants to keep PersonY as a friend.
If a person learns how to run, he gets fit as a result.
A person looks it up on wiki in order to know more about the subject.
A person takes care of an old man in order to help someone.
If a person read a great book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets some sleep, he will feel rested.
If a person practices to play the guitar, he will feel good.
If a person comforts others when others cries, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person accepts the award, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets more training, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person was appointed leader, he will feel important.
If a person gets too little sleep, he will feel groggy.
If a person experiences prosperity, he will feel joyful.
A person thinks of moving out in order to be independent.
If a person takes another shower, he feels clean as a result.
If a person beats the kid at Chess, he will feel triumphant.
If a person takes a scientific approach, he will feel smart.
A person puts everything back in order to make sure that everything is put back in its place.
If a person finds out a bad fact, he will feel upset.
A person decides to have a shower in order to feel clean.
A person visits a physician in order to have a physical examination.
If a person enjoys doing that, he will feel content.
If a person takes care of his family, he is seen as a good father.
A person leads an expedition in order to explore the unknown.
If a person meets a great musician, he likes the musician as a result.
A person undergoes therapy in order to improve his life.
If a person spends an afternoon together, he has a nice time as a result.
If a person can't deal with it, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gets in a predicament, he wants to get out of it.
A person takes a moment to chat in order to have a friendly conversation.
If a person spends his time wisely, he will feel content.
A person runs around the house in order to get exercise.
If a person and others visit city X, he and PersonY enjoy city X as a result.
If a person hears a weird noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person goes on to better things, he is promoted as a result.
If a person takes extra precautions, he is safe as a result.
A person embarks on a cross-country trip in order to explore the country.
If a person puts on glasses, he is able to see better as a result.
If a person has a high position, he will feel confident.
If a person receives the reward, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he will feel joyful.
A person needs to return home in order to be with his family.
If a person resolves the issue, he is happy as a result.
If a person contemplates a plan, he will feel creative.
If a person has a positive attitude, he wants to be a positive person.
If a person enjoys talking to others, he will feel content.
If a person hits the internet, he will feel entertained.
If a person buys new furniture, he is happy with his new furniture as a result.
If a person walks toward others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person insists on leaving in the midst of winter in order to be independent.
A person reads many books in order to learn.
If a person realizes that her life is threatened, he wants to save her life.
If a person has received flowers, he will feel happy.
If a person anticipates others's needs, he wants to give PersonY what he needs.
If a person takes a week's vacation, he is rested as a result.
A person walks through park in order to be outdoors.
If a person could not overcome it, he will feel defeated.
If a person is called to repentance, he wants to stop sinning.
If a person sets to sea, he wants to see the world.
If a person begins painting again, he wants to paint more.
If a person is ready to defend others, he will feel confident.
If a person wears a suit, he looks smart as a result.
A person builds an addition on the house in order to improve the house.
If a person learned all the time, he will feel intelligent.
If a person quotes some scriptures, he will feel spiritual.
A person treats others for dinner in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person questions a decision, he wants to ask for advice.
A person attempts to convey in order to be understood.
A person avoids going to the police in order to avoid getting into trouble.
If a person is well known, he is respected as a result.
If a person is fuming with anger, he wants to yell.
A person calls his advisor in order to ask for advice.
If a person takes courses at school, he will feel motivated.
If a person listens to others’s music, he enjoys PersonY’s music as a result.
If a person suffers through a hard day, he will feel discouraged.
A person holds others in a firm hug in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person dresses very up-to-date, he will feel sophisticated.
A person takes others to the movies in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person works on the porch, he makes progress on the porch as a result.
If a person finds a way to save the day, he will feel relieved.
A person puts on their glasses in order to see clearly.
A person suggests meeting others in order to get to know PersonY better.
A person opens an e-mail address in order to communicate with people.
If a person has learned to communicate, he has improved his social skills as a result.
If a person studies in her free time, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins a round, he will feel pleased.
If a person had been reading up on the subject, he will feel interested.
A person pays a visit to a sick friend in order to be there for his friend.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he will feel happy.
If a person completes a mental exercise, he will feel refreshed.
If a person enrolls in school, he will feel excited.
If a person goes in the bath, he will feel relaxed.
A person begins an investigation in order to learn more about the crime.
If a person is a successful gardener, he has a nice garden as a result.
If a person learns of some good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person finally gets help, he will feel hopeful.
If a person finds the truth, he will feel victorious.
If a person has a new hobby, he wants to continue with his hobby.
If a person reads a page, he will feel interested.
A person walks his dog in order to be outdoors.
A person plays in the nearby park in order to be outdoors.
If a person regrets his or her decision, he wants to change his or her decision.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he will feel determined.
If a person goes through a bad day, he will feel frustrated.
If a person was allowed to sit at the table, he was able to eat with the family as a result.
If a person wins in the game, he will feel happy.
If a person redecorates his apartment, he will feel happy.
If a person wins for once, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hits the road, he will feel motivated.
If a person accepts others's compliment, he will feel pleased.
A person buys a new set of furniture in order to be more comfortable.
A person delivers a talk in order to share his knowledge.
If a person listens to advice from others, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person gets the thing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wishes to stay out of trouble, he does not get into trouble as a result.
A person takes charge of the situation in order to make the situation better.
If a person questions her sister, he wants to know the truth.
If a person joins a construction crew, he learns to build as a result.
If a person views the mountains, he enjoys the view as a result.
If a person goes into rehab, he gets sober as a result.
A person goes out of the house in order to be independent.
A person travels to see others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person achieves her objective, he will feel pleased.
A person walks across the grass in order to be outside.
If a person drinks his wine, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person lets go of her anger, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others go on a family trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person stands with others, he will feel comfortable.
If a person lands a contract, he will feel excited.
A person sends a mail to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person devours the food, he will feel full.
If a person discovers that his mother is sick, he wants to help his mother.
If a person buys a home, he will feel happy.
If a person starts to comfort others, he will feel caring.
If a person is placed under sedation, he will feel sleepy.
A person does her work in order to be successful.
If a person drives away in a new car, he will feel pleased.
If a person believes in the cause, he wants to get involved.
If a person develops a routine, he wants to do the same thing every day.
If a person prepares an interesting meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets a person with an interesting story, he learns something new as a result.
If a person plans their wedding, he will feel happy.
If a person fills a cup, he will feel full.
A person launches a surprise attack in order to catch his opponent off guard.
If a person ponders his life, he wants to know what to do.
If a person succeeds in business, he is promoted as a result.
A person gets a lot of paper work done in order to get things done.
If a person decides to ask for help, he gets help as a result.
If a person becomes miserable, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets up for more coffee, he will feel refreshed.
A person gives others the chance in order to help PersonY.
If a person comes up with a new plan, he wants to implement the plan.
If a person gets bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person arranges for a friend to visit, he wants to spend time with his friend.
If a person does not understand why it is mentioned, he wants to know why it is mentioned.
A person and others do volunteer work in order to help people and PersonY wants to be involved in community service.
If a person finds something very interesting, he is excited as a result.
If a person is an able teacher, he will feel confident.
If a person finishes something, he will feel accomplished.
A person talks to her parents about her future in order to know what her parents think.
If a person questions the statement, he wants to know more.
If a person tries to understand the world, he wants to know more.
If a person does well in school, he will feel happy.
If a person remembers a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person starts to miss others, he wants to call PersonY.
If a person succeeds in helping others, he will feel pleased.
If a person honors others with a prize, he will feel proud.
A person still works out in order to stay in shape.
If a person is thrown a party, he has a good time as a result.
A person works on the house in order to make the house better.
A person goes out in disguise in order to avoid being recognized.
If a person does something brilliant, he will feel pleased.
If a person has lost something, he will feel upset.
If a person reads People magazine, he will feel interested.
If a person overhears what they're talking about, he wants to know what they're talking about.
If a person thinks over the facts, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person plays a video game, he will feel entertained.
If a person makes a to-do list, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes what  wants to be, he will feel good.
If a person does not take it personally, he does not get angry as a result.
A person takes a trip to the capital in order to see the city.
If a person follows the proper procedure, he will feel in control.
If a person gets close to the girl, he wants to keep the girl close.
If a person and others look it up in the book, he will feel interested.
If a person studies a book, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to appreciate music, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to be a good citizen, he is a good citizen as a result.
If a person is a prominent member of society, he is popular as a result.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he is rich as a result.
If a person reads a book on astronomy, he will feel interested.
A person knows he must go home in order to see his family.
If a person rages inside, he wants to scream.
If a person gets back his car, he is happy as a result.
If a person speaks respectfully to others, he will feel polite.
If a person thinks about how nice it is, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets praised for doing something nice, he will feel pleased.
A person attends every class in order to learn.
If a person completes task successfully, he is seen as competent.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he will feel frightened.
If a person reaches out to his father, he gets to know his father as a result.
If a person is wary, he wants to be sure.
If a person plays games with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person climbs to the top of a mountain, he will feel accomplished.
If a person thinks he can make it, he wants to try.
If a person questions someone, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person gets medication, he will feel relieved.
If a person orders out for Chinese food, he is happy as a result.
If a person is considered for promotion, he will feel hopeful.
A person agrees to perform a favor in order to help a friend.
If a person thinks of good terms to make a reputation, he will feel clever.
If a person finds something amazing, he will feel excited.
A person carries out the job in order to get the job done.
A person comes to the market in order to buy some food.
If a person is not happy with his job, he will feel stressed.
A person brushes his teeth twice in order to have good oral hygiene.
If a person examines the objects, he wants to know more about the objects.
If a person always says what he means, he will feel honest.
If a person visits a bookshop, he will feel interested.
If a person reads about the case, he learns more about the case as a result.
If a person and others go to a show, he and PersonY enjoy the show as a result.
If a person is confused about directions, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gets a good offer, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys one of others's creations, he becomes a fan of PersonY's work as a result.
A person goes to a nearby store in order to buy something.
A person pens a letter to his mother in order to express his feelings.
If a person likes her new home, he wants to live there.
If a person is a bad person, he is disliked by others as a result.
A person is playing with the dog in order to be with the dog.
If a person continues reading, he will feel interested.
A person sends his son to a museum in order to give his son a cultural experience.
If a person is home for the holidays, he is visited by his family as a result.
If a person enjoys a meal with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person is taking a bath, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is in a traffic accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person is listening to a lecture, he will feel attentive.
If a person is a perfect parent, he is praised by his children as a result.
A person embarks on a new journey in order to improve his life.
If a person is jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person gets into a quarrel, he will feel upset.
If a person gets a good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person can’t stand it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person settles down to work, he will feel relaxed.
A person gives others a ride to the airport in order to help PersonY.
If a person is unable to decide, he will feel uncertain.
If a person watches his language, he wants to talk less.
If a person discovers something amazing, he will feel excited.
If a person gets stranded in a desert, he wants to get out of the desert.
If a person receives the goods, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a serious problem, he wants to get help.
If a person decides to dance, he wants to be a good dancer.
If a person learns how to dance, he is good at dancing as a result.
If a person pays attention to details, he will feel focused.
If a person starts taking a serious interest in music, he will feel inspired.
A person escapes by conniving in order to avoid the consequences of his actions.
If a person recharges his battery, he will feel refreshed.
If a person checks out the new city, he wants to explore the city.
If a person uses the highest quality ingredients, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person has a successful meeting, he will feel pleased.
If a person states that others has been working hard, he is pleased with PersonY’s progress as a result.
If a person practices cooking, he becomes a better cook as a result.
If a person fears reprisal, he wants to avoid reprisal.
If a person notices an error in a paper, he wants to correct the error.
A person decides to get up early in order to get a head start on the day.
A person sends a postcard to the family in order to keep in touch with the family.
If a person observes that JohnD is taking drugs, he wants to stop JohnD from taking drugs.
If a person becomes interested in art, he wants to paint.
A person presents someone with a gift in order to show appreciation.
A person hands in a resume in order to get a job.
If a person reads a book on astronomy, he wants to learn more about the stars.
If a person convinces others to go, he will feel confident.
If a person considers a situation, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person smells a strange odor, he wants to get rid of the smell.
A person leaves town for a while in order to travel.
If a person gets the gift, he will feel happy.
If a person starts taking a serious interest in music, he will feel happy.
A person prays in Church in order to be in a relationship with God.
If a person is disappointed by a lie, he wants to know the truth.
If a person has a delicious dinner, he is full as a result.
A person attempts to work in the garden in order to do something useful.
A person takes a stroll in order to be in nature.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to fix the past.
If a person fights for others's release, he gets PersonY released as a result.
A person accepts a role in the school play in order to be a part of the school.
If a person realizes his dream, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person begins painting a picture, he will feel artistic.
If a person gets his brother back, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is given a report by others, he will feel informed.
A person prepares to strike in order to be ready for a fight.
If a person cleans everything thoroughly, he will feel organized.
If a person eats a big breakfast, he feels full as a result.
If a person fulfills his mission, he feels accomplished as a result.
If a person succeeds in her scheme, he feels triumphant as a result.
If a person has a successful business, he will feel satisfied.
A person comes home for Christmas in order to spend time with his family.
If a person is really sick, he will feel miserable.
If a person finally gets a new life, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks of another way, he finds a solution as a result.
If a person musters the troops, he gains the support of his troops as a result.
If a person decided to get a dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
A person goes to check on a rumor in order to make sure the rumor is true.
A person works on something at home in order to finish something.
If a person dances to the fast beat, he will feel joyful.
A person checks the answers in order to be sure of the answers.
A person tries to read in order to be better at reading.
If a person is interested in what happened, he knows more about the situation as a result.
If a person learns computer skills, he will feel competent.
If a person receives clarification, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has found a new direction, he wants to follow his new direction.
If a person fears an internal split, he wants to feel whole.
If a person becomes a better person, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a great new job, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks for a second job, he finds a new job as a result.
A person attempts to speak a foreign language in order to improve his language skills.
If a person's plan seems to be working, he will feel successful.
If a person receives new information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person begins to feel left out, he will feel sad.
A person continues her work in order to be productive.
If a person learns about science, he is interested in science as a result.
A person makes a clean getaway in order to be free.
If a person becomes an expert, he will feel confident.
If a person notices something unusual, he wants to know what it is.
If a person is rewarded for good deeds, he will feel happy.
If a person is told what to do, he does what he is told as a result.
If a person gets his books, he will feel pleased.
A person buys time for his friends in order to be a good friend.
If a person cooks delicious soup, he will feel pleased.
A person is washing the car in order to keep the car clean.
If a person takes his vacation, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person is going to get married, he is happy as a result.
A person gets prepared for an exam in order to do well in the exam.
A person writes others a letter in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person likes to travel, he wants to travel more.
If a person overcomes it, he will feel empowered.
If a person starts exercising, he will feel motivated.
A person visits her grandma in the hospital in order to be with her grandma.
If a person reads a handbook, he will feel informed.
If a person keeps cool, he will feel relaxed.
If a person learns from an old man, he will feel wise.
If a person researches websites, he will feel informed.
If a person decides that this approach might work, he wants to make this approach work.
A person is going to keep on cooking in order to be able to cook.
If a person starts feeling down, he wants to cheer up.
If a person gets better at reading, he wants to read more.
If a person has a very good life, he will feel happy.
If a person looks to others for support, he will feel supported.
If a person experiences a financial setback, he will feel worried.
If a person wants to get along with others, he is friends with PersonY as a result.
If a person starts a new habit, he wants to continue.
A person continues to work out in order to be healthy.
If a person watches videos, he will feel entertained.
A person decides to get a lawyer in order to protect his rights.
If a person checks out others's new jewelry, he is impressed by PersonY's new jewelry as a result.
If a person in doubt, he wants to know the answer.
A person wants a chance to ask others questions in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person helps save the business, he will feel accomplished.
A person walks to others's home in order to see PersonY.
If a person wakes up to a loud noise, he gets up to investigate as a result.
If a person earns her degree, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives the bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person knows a lot, he is smart as a result.
If a person starts reading a book, he will feel curious.
If a person thinks it up, he will feel clever.
If a person completes the assignment, he will feel happy.
A person asks a series of questions in order to understand the situation.
If a person does a trick, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a successful negotiator, he will feel confident.
If a person practices self-control, he will feel calm.
A person looks for a volunteer in order to help others.
A person decides to run for political office in order to be a leader.
A person begins to open a box in order to find out what is inside.
If a person has been oppressed, he wants to be free.
If a person goes camping with his family, he enjoys the outdoors as a result.
A person changes topics in order to focus on something else.
If a person gets a cool job, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets used to sleeping alone, he has a good night’s sleep as a result.
If a person accepts a deal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a wish, he will feel happy.
If a person goes for a morning jog, he will feel energetic.
If a person entertains others at the beach, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person points out a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person owns a successful business, he is wealthy as a result.
A person wrote a letter to a friend in order to express her feelings.
If a person has a nice time, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes interested in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person walks along the lake in order to enjoy the beauty of the lake.
If a person does a fabulous performance, he will feel proud.
If a person gets rid of the dead weight, he will feel relieved.
If a person plays and laughs with others, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks that he or she is being haunted, he wants to be rid of the ghost.
If a person goes dancing with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person and others come to an understanding, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person expresses their opinion, he is heard by others as a result.
A person tells his friends what happened in order to share his experience.
If a person suddenly started to cry, he wants to stop crying.
If a person completes a mental exercise, he will feel focused.
If a person has an interesting career, he will feel motivated.
If a person thinks they are being taken advantage of, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person sees the world in a new way, he will feel intrigued.
A person enrolls in school in order to finish his education.
If a person hears sounds coming from somewhere, he wants to find out where the sounds are coming from.
If a person organizes a group study session, he will feel motivated.
A person continues to associate with others in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
If a person goes dancing with friends, he is having fun as a result.
If a person fears failure, he will feel nervous.
A person tries to stop the progress in order to preserve the status quo.
If a person goes to temple, he will feel at peace.
If a person's attempt succeeds, he is happy as a result.
If a person's expectations met, he will feel happy.
If a person likes to eat good food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts dancing, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes it work, he will feel confident.
If a person gets used to being alone, he will feel content.
A person takes others to a party in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person fears losing her job, he will feel nervous.
A person goes where he wants to go in order to be independent.
If a person chose the right direction, he wants to continue to move forward.
If a person explores the mazes, he enjoys the mazes as a result.
If a person finds others distasteful, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person steps on a sharp rock, he will feel injured.
If a person overhears a phone conversation, he wants to know what is being said.
If a person states his case, he is seen as convincing.
If a person and others get in a quarrel, he and PersonY are not friends as a result.
A person tries to talk in order to communicate with others.
A person takes others to a dance in order to show PersonY a good time.
A person makes it to the gym in order to stay healthy.
If a person becomes others's partner, he and PersonY work well together as a result.
If a person studies the contents of a folder, he wants to learn more about the folder.
A person goes to a market in order to buy food.
A person checks to see if others is sleeping in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person will be successful, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a lot of pictures, he is known as a photographer as a result.
If a person has begun to form an idea, he wants to finish his idea.
A person makes plans for future in order to have a stable future.
A person organizes a fund-raiser in order to help people.
A person decided to take a break in order to be more relaxed.
If a person thanks others for kindness, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes they were wrong, he wants to correct their mistake.
If a person gets the job done, he is seen as reliable.
If a person needs to stay on their toes, he stays focused as a result.
If a person grows closer to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person gets on with her work, he will feel pleased.
A person looks into things in order to learn more about things.
A person dances, dances, and dances in order to have fun.
If a person raises money for charity, he wants to help others.
If a person believes others's instructions, he does what PersonY says as a result.
If a person makes a new friend, he wants to be friends with this new friend.
A person writes a check for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is able to rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes a special interest in others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
A person leaves her house for the first time in order to be independent.
A person starts up the engine in order to drive the car.
If a person enjoys a leisurely stroll, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person meets a nice stranger, he will feel pleased.
If a person deals with her feelings, he will feel calm.
If a person is a famous person, he is interviewed by the press as a result.
A person drives to personY’s home in order to meet personY.
A person visits his neighbor in order to get to know his neighbor.
A person goes to his brother's in order to spend time with his brother.
If a person performs ablutions, he will feel cleansed.
If a person is hurt by others's criticism, he will feel sad.
If a person plays at party games, he will feel fun.
A person puts a call through to others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person gets a happy ending, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person helps to load a small flat-bed trailer, he will feel helpful.
If a person has made big mistakes, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person contributes to a common good, he is thanked by others as a result.
If a person hurt himself badly, he is in pain as a result.
A person leads a forest restoration project in order to protect the environment.
If a person succeeds in finding others, he is happy as a result.
A person continues his adventure in order to be free.
If a person has an interesting conversation, he learns something new as a result.
If a person thinks of her own problem, he wants to think of a solution.
If a person sits and rests, he will feel content.
If a person only does his own work, he will feel self-sufficient.
A person tries not to get angry in order to avoid a fight.
If a person moves to the front of the line, he will feel superior.
If a person sees a way out, he wants to go for it.
If a person smiles a lot when dealing with others, he will feel happy.
If a person is on the path of the sun, he gets sunburned as a result.
If a person gets his truck fixed, he is happy as a result.
A person is spending time with his friends in order to be social.
If a person regrets others's error, he wants to fix PersonY's mistake.
If a person relaxes in a tub, he will feel content.
If a person takes down a political opponent, he will feel triumphant.
If a person makes sure that others learns well, he wants PersonY to be successful.
A person decides it's time to leave in order to be independent.
If a person was cowed by others, he did not fight back as a result.
A person writes a one-page letter in order to express her feelings.
If a person develops sympathy for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person has a good game, he will feel proud.
A person tries to pull others closer in order to make PersonY feel good.
If a person goes to a church and confesses, he will feel remorseful.
If a person is uncertain, he wants to know what to do.
A person begins piano lessons in order to be a better pianist.
If a person likes others very much, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person asks a doctor for medicine, he wants to get better.
A person tells others about his trip in order to share his experience.
If a person makes a close friend, he will feel pleased.
If a person finishes the chapter, he will feel accomplished.
A person gets things done in order to be efficient.
If a person and others get in an argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person listens to an amazing concert, he likes the music as a result.
A person avoids the subject in order to avoid a confrontation.
If a person gets a part in a movie, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is affected by what others says, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person rests on the couch, he will feel relaxed.
If a person's purpose fulfilled, he will feel happy.
If a person studies religious works, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person becomes involved in cleaning, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to appreciate the small things, he will feel content.
If a person visits his hometown, he visits his family as a result.
If a person thinks of alternatives, he will feel motivated.
If a person getting the manager to admit he's wrong, he will feel victorious.
A person takes steps to prosecute in order to be an advocate for justice.
If a person makes a costly mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person thinks about that problem, he will feel curious.
If a person is having his heart broken, he will feel depressed.
If a person gets the good grades, he will feel pleased.
If a person helps out a lot, he is seen as a good friend.
If a person and others begin a hike, he will feel adventurous.
A person takes a job in order to make money.
If a person tries to do some exercise, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a foot massage, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes care of things, he will feel competent.
If a person starts to get better, he will feel happy.
If a person and others go to a baseball game, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person catches a cold, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person joins the fund raising committee, he will feel responsible.
If a person earns the trust of others, he will feel respected.
If a person has a bad first day on the job, he will feel disappointed.
If a person tries to understand the situation, he wants to know more.
If a person sets a course, he will feel in control.
If a person has been looking at the data, he wants to see the results.
If a person feels great passion for his new career, he wants to work harder.
If a person and others go to the library, he reads a book as a result.
A person decides to go on a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person keeps breaking records, he will feel confident.
If a person experiences acute hiccups, he wants to get rid of hiccups.
If a person rediscovers her art, he will feel inspired.
If a person makes the best of things, he will feel content.
A person trains hard in order to be fit.
If a person senses a plot, he wants to figure out the plot.
If a person puts on the jacket, he will feel warm.
If a person joins a cause, he will feel passionate.
If a person drives a cool car, he is proud of his car as a result.
If a person receives the goods, he is pleased as a result.
A person starts to deal with the matter in order to make a decision.
If a person runs into others on the subway, he has a conversation with PersonY as a result.
A person returns to their childhood home in order to relive their childhood.
If a person dances at the prom, he will feel joyful.
A person reads this text in order to know more about the text.
If a person mulls over the possibilities, he will feel intrigued.
A person calls and talks with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person gives great service, he will feel appreciated.
A person calls others's office in order to talk to PersonY.
A person starts a chat room in order to connect with other people.
If a person learns to play golf, he becomes a better golfer as a result.
If a person makes a list of errands, he will feel productive.
If a person eats something, he will feel full.
A person gives others reason to think in order PersonY to be more open-minded.
If a person goes for a date, he will feel romantic.
If a person earns a favor, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is a master of new technology, he is a genius as a result.
If a person hangs out with others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person is an important part of our family, he is loved by us as a result.
If a person is back in control, he will feel confident.
If a person engages in sex, he will feel passionate.
If a person practices shooting, he becomes a better marksman as a result.
If a person gains others's affection, he will feel happy.
If a person mixes with the wrong people, he gets in trouble as a result.
A person obtains others's permission in order to do something that PersonY will approve of.
If a person and others are siblings, he and PersonY are close as a result.
If a person is dubious about others's sincerity, he wants to be sure PersonY is sincere.
If a person learns to play the violin, he gets better at playing the violin as a result.
If a person becomes a good person, he will feel happy.
A person has a good rest in order to be refreshed.
If a person finally lives his dream, he will feel satisfied.
A person continues to resist others's attempts in order to continue to be independent.
If a person wins 's girlfriend back, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others come together, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person works on a theory, he wants to prove his theory.
If a person looks for hidden motives, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person has her car tuned up, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks that something is not clear, he wants to clarify the situation.
If a person achieves something he had been aiming for, he will feel proud.
If a person enjoys her cup of coffee, he will feel content.
If a person reasons about others's feelings, he understands PersonY's feelings as a result.
A person asks about others's knowledge in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person promised to himself, he wants to keep his promise.
A person writes down his wishes in order to remember his wishes.
If a person visits personZ, he learns about personZ as a result.
If a person feels like taking a shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person and others form a "couple", he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person goes back to the office in order to be back at work.
If a person goes hiking with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person meets his or her needs, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a peaceful moment, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person overcomes obstacles, he achieves goals as a result.
If a person realizes the elephant is missing, he searches for the elephant as a result.
If a person mulls over the possibilities, he will feel unsure.
A person engages in a philosophical discussion in order to explore his thoughts.
If a person is rewarded for kindness, he will feel pleased.
A person is studying for an exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person earns good money, he is happy as a result.
If a person falls out of a boat, he is injured as a result.
A person declines to fight in order to avoid conflict.
If a person initiates marriage to others, he wants to have a family.
If a person makes the right choice, he feels happy as a result.
If a person and others go on a trip together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets help from the doctor, he feels better as a result.
If a person feels more open, he will feel at ease.
If a person notices an error in a paper, he corrects the error as a result.
If a person mends his ways, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person prepares to put things in order, he will feel in control.
If a person decides to learn about others's family, he wants to meet PersonY's family.
If a person thinks everything's fine, he will feel content.
If a person gains a new job, he earns more money as a result.
If a person is concerned about the story, he wants to read the story.
A person tries to visit others in order to be with PersonY.
A person works at his garden in order to make his garden grow.
If a person gets good reception, he will feel pleased.
If a person’s football team wins, he is happy as a result.
If a person admits a wrongdoing, he wants to apologize.
If a person has a lot of control, he will feel powerful.
If a person decides to see a therapist, he wants to talk about his feelings.
If a person prefers to walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person knows what is best for others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets into the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes to a better place, he will feel happy.
A person goes to a friend's house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person pays attention to personY, he will feel connected.
A person purchases a gun in order to protect himself.
If a person does a good job, he is seen as dependable.
If a person eats a bowl of soup, he will feel nourished.
If a person takes up jogging, he gets fit as a result.
If a person wins the power struggle, he will feel triumphant.
A person changes again in order to change for the better.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he will feel happy.
A person turns on the air conditioner in order to keep the house cool.
If a person is winning, he will feel happy.
If a person lost his temper, he wants to control his temper.
If a person decides to open up, he wants to talk to people.
A person talks to others about something in order to share something with PersonY.
If a person enjoys some peace and quiet, he is content as a result.
If a person begins to read a letter, he wants to know what the letter says.
If a person uses patience, he will feel calm.
A person decides to go abroad in order to see the world.
If a person does chores at home, he will feel motivated.
If a person sticks with it, he will feel determined.
If a person solves a murder mystery, he will feel pleased.
If a person recites poetry, he will feel poetic.
If a person still has a chance, he will feel optimistic.
If a person develops an idea, he wants to implement the idea.
A person invites others to meet at a park in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is a master negotiator, he will feel successful.
If a person experiences problems with the car, he wants to fix the car.
If a person is able to go outside, he will feel free.
If a person spots a mistake, he corrects the mistake as a result.
If a person regrets having dropped out of school, he wants to go back to school.
If a person succeeds in the long run, he will feel confident.
If a person reads a lot of books, he becomes a bookworm as a result.
If a person wins the challenge, he will feel happy.
If a person takes the gift, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks professional help, he wants to get better.
If a person cannot bring himself to speak, he remains silent as a result.
If a person dedicates her life to God, he will feel at peace.
A person begins planning the holiday in order to have a good time.
If a person is annoyed by the heat, he wants to cool off.
A person tries to open a company in order to be independent.
If a person purchases a home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person offers others a reward, he will feel good.
If a person listens to music while at the office, he will feel calm.
If a person says he does not feel good, he wants to feel better.
If a person obtains help, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has an idea for a movie, he will feel excited.
If a person considers this for a moment, he will feel curious.
If a person doesn't know where to go, he will feel uncertain.
If a person abuses substances, he is addicted to drugs as a result.
If a person is having a bad day, he will feel angry.
If a person works on the frame, he will feel productive.
A person gets into the automobile in order to go somewhere.
If a person becomes inspired, he wants to make a change.
If a person records a hit song, he will feel satisfied.
If a person knows that something's wrong, he will feel alarmed.
If a person handles it well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is extremely helpful, he is thanked by others as a result.
If a person does something special, he will feel proud.
A person rereads the books in order to learn more about the books.
If a person joins an activist group, he learns to protest as a result.
If a person finds a new hobby, he is happy as a result.
If a person fixes a motorcycle, he gains mechanical skills as a result.
If a person reaches his limit, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person trains in the park, he gets fit as a result.
If a person encounters something new, he will feel curious.
If a person congratulates others on promotion, he will feel proud.
If a person acts in a polite manner, he is seen as a good person.
If a person falls for personY, he wants to get to know her better.
If a person stands up to the captain, he will feel strong.
A person places others in bath in order to make PersonY clean.
A person practices in a gym in order to be fit.
If a person has a bad time at work, he will feel frustrated.
If a person thinks ahead of time, he will feel intelligent.
If a person has a new outlook, he is happy as a result.
A person keeps others's confidence in order to maintain a good relationship with PersonY.
A person cleans their apartment in order to make their home more comfortable.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he is very happy as a result.
A person drives over to others's house in order to see PersonY.
If a person asks for information, he will feel intrigued.
If a person develops a conscience, he wants to do good.
If a person pays attention to his goals, he wants to succeed.
If a person receives great news, he will feel happy.
If a person exchanges knowledge, he is knowledgeable as a result.
If a person refuses to go along with the crowd, he wants to be a leader.
If a person gets involved in an accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person feels impulsive, he wants to control his impulses.
If a person shares her experiences, he will feel heard.
If a person is observed, he is evaluated as a result.
If a person commits a serious crime, he will feel guilty.
If a person looks in bag, he wants to find out what's in the bag.
If a person doesn't like something, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person read the report, he understands the report as a result.
If a person doubts that it is a good idea, he wants to be sure.
If a person considers the probability, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person makes her own decisions, he will feel independent.
A person practices music in order to be good at music.
A person waited for others in order to be ready for PersonY.
A person exercises more in order to be healthy.
If a person sees an event on TV, he is interested in the event as a result.
If a person has a normal dinner, he will feel satisfied.
A person checks out others’s profile in order to find out more about PersonY.
A person makes the move in order to make a change.
A person cooks for her family in order to spend time with her family.
If a person has a productive day, he is pleased with his day as a result.
If a person thwarts attack, he will feel victorious.
If a person mends a friendship, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others go sailing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person trains for a certain sport, he will feel determined.
If a person meets and greets strangers, he will feel friendly.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person returns to his normal routine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets new ideas, he will feel inspired.
A person prepares a long-term plan in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person became captain of a ship, he wants to sail the seas.
If a person gains information, he has a better understanding of the situation as a result.
If a person is involved in a fender bender, he is injured as a result.
If a person wants to show appreciation, he wants to do something nice for someone.
If a person takes advantage of a business opportunity, he will feel successful.
A person reads to the children in order to help the children.
If a person partakes in a feast, he will feel full.
If a person is willing to take the challenge, he will feel excited.
If a person dances on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to explain things to others in order to make PersonY understand.
A person gives information to the judge in order to help the judge.
If a person regrets his own words, he apologizes as a result.
If a person is successful in leaving, he will feel triumphant.
If a person speaks to others for the first time, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person gets back to the gym, he wants to stay in shape.
If a person stops to help a stranger, he wants to help people.
A person begins looking for a new job in order to earn more money.
If a person completes the ultimate goal, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he wants to use the opportunity.
If a person chooses to make this day better than yesterday, he will feel hopeful.
If a person visits a new city, he wants to explore.
If a person starts watching something, he will feel intrigued.
A person is talking to a person of interest in order to know more about the person.
If a person makes a name for himself, he will feel confident.
If a person is recommended for a job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person tries to cure a deadly disease, he will feel determined.
A person makes plans for others in order to be there for PersonY.
A person is doing the right thing in order to be a good person.
A person writes home to parents in order to be close to his family.
If a person's life was threatened, he will feel frightened.
If a person is working on her novel, he wants to finish her novel.
If a person eats something yummy, he will feel full.
If a person knows how to handle things, he will feel strong.
If a person arrives at the correct decision, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets organized, he will feel accomplished.
If a person completes the plan, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes care of the details, he will feel organized.
If a person fears for others's life, he wants to save PersonY.
If a person suffers an allergic reaction, he wants to take medicine.
If a person resents an allusion, he wants to avoid the allusion.
If a person tries, he wants to succeed.
If a person's aunt has a cookout, he gets a taste of his aunt's cooking as a result.
If a person gets through it, he feels better as a result.
If a person takes part in a celebration, he will feel energized.
A person tries to avoid the topic in order to avoid a confrontation.
A person goes down to the well in order to get water.
If a person fills a requirement, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes precautions, he will feel safe.
If a person makes love to , he is happy as a result.
If a person makes others a delicious meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person gains a romantic partner, he will feel content.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he is happy as a result.
A person hangs around others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person receives support, he will feel appreciated.
A person returns to the gym in order to get back in shape.
If a person is badly hurt in an accident, he is hospitalised as a result.
If a person starts to become curious about others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person can no longer bear it, he wants to leave.
If a person follows her dreams, he achieves her goals as a result.
If a person dedicates effort to training, he will feel motivated.
A person studies for a job in order to get a good job.
If a person has worked hard all day, he will feel tired.
If a person and others enjoy dinner, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person has horrible nightmares, he will feel frightened.
If a person tries to imagine, he will feel creative.
If a person and others are taught well, he will feel smart.
If a person has troubles, he will feel anxious.
If a person makes a number of cakes, he is seen as talented.
If a person gets furious, he wants to scream.
If a person likes walking in the park, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person likes an idea, he wants to try it.
A person dines out at a good restaurant in order to enjoy a nice meal.
A person treats well others in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person carries on laughing, he will feel delighted.
If a person has your support, he wants to help you.
If a person takes the higher road, he will feel in control.
A person lies in bed for a while in order to rest.
If a person trusts others to do his job, he is pleased with PersonY’s work as a result.
If a person agrees to buy something, he will feel content.
If a person learns self-defense, he will feel safe.
If a person has a good year, he will feel happy.
A person visits all his friends in order to be a good friend.
A person writes something in order to express himself.
If a person has terrible dreams, he wants to stop having nightmares.
If a person lands a big order, he will feel pleased.
If a person's shoulders relax, he will feel content.
If a person has his rights violated, he wants to get his rights back.
If a person tries to compromise, he is seen as a good negotiator.
If a person puts on a good show, he will feel pleased.
A person pays back others's family in order to make amends.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person agrees to a date with others, he wants to see PersonY again.
If a person worries for the kids, he wants to make sure the kids are okay.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he will feel attractive.
A person makes progress toward a goal in order to be successful.
If a person never found a job, he is unemployed as a result.
A person does his exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person works out a schedule, he gets to work on time as a result.
If a person gets a big contract, he is happy as a result.
If a person has power, he will feel in control.
If a person goes jogging, he will feel energized.
A person entrusts person Y with her money in order to be sure that person Y will take care of her money.
A person takes others to see a local event in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person discovers a new passion, he wants to learn more about it.
If a person grabs a bite to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others are finally together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person is assigned a place to stay, he will feel comfortable.
If a person suffers misfortune, he will feel unhappy.
A person is concentrating on task in order to succeed.
A person gives others's father money in order to help PersonY's father.
If a person fears making a fool of himself, he doesn’t make a fool of himself as a result.
If a person takes the right step, he achieves his goal as a result.
A person went to church in order to be religious.
If a person calls on others to support his idea, he will feel supported.
If a person realizes it's a solid business model, he will feel pleased.
A person cleans out the house in order to make the house look nice.
A person runs for the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person doesn’t feel well today, he wants to feel better.
A person tries to explain his actions in order to make sure he is understood.
If a person feels worried, he wants to feel better.
If a person makes a successful defense, he will feel confident.
If a person persuades others to marry him, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a phone, he is able to make calls as a result.
If a person dresses up in costume, he will feel pleased.
If a person participates in a stock market, he wants to make money.
If a person is surrounded by a mob, he will feel trapped.
If a person climbs to the mountaintop, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others work in a garden, he will feel productive.
If a person has a little job, he will feel useful.
A person and others leave the country in order to travel and PersonY wants to be free.
If a person has been drinking all day, he will feel drunk.
If a person returns to his hometown, he is reunited with his family as a result.
If a person likes to rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person washes, he will feel clean.
If a person is a shrewd investigator, he solves the case as a result.
If a person is wrongfully accused, he is acquitted as a result.
If a person overcomes her fears, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys a delicious meal, he will feel full.
If a person's money runs out, he is broke as a result.
If a person is praised, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is offered another job, he will feel pleased.
A person is walking in order to be outside.
If a person's memory gets poor, he forgets things as a result.
A person moves out of state in order to be independent.
If a person cranks out tunes, he will feel creative.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he will feel in control.
A person writes a business plan in order to be a successful entrepreneur.
If a person has a good vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person got hurt, he was taken to the hospital as a result.
If a person gets enough food, he is full as a result.
If a person’s mission succeeds, he will feel accomplished.
A person studies religious works in order to understand religion.
A person looks it up in a book in order to know the answer.
If a person continues going to school, he will feel determined.
If a person always does the right thing, he will feel good.
If a person and others dance a jig, he will feel happy.
A person belongs to a neighborhood watch group in order to protect his neighborhood.
If a person worries about getting shot, he wants to be safe.
If a person tells his tale to the villagers, he is seen as good at storytelling.
If a person regrets her past, he wants to make up for her past.
A person goes to his doctor in order to know what is wrong with him.
If a person will go to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is interested in other persons, he wants to get to know them better.
A person gives others a lot of money in order to help PersonY.
A person undergoes therapy in order to be better.
If a person objects to the topic, he wants to change the topic.
If a person makes a legal profit, he will feel successful.
If a person is worried about his situation, he wants to be in a better situation.
A person teaches diligently in order to be an excellent teacher.
If a person is less aggressive, he will feel calm.
If a person has a beautiful dream, he wants to remember the dream.
If a person gets a lot of awards, he will feel appreciated.
If a person struggles with writer's block, he will feel discouraged.
If a person thinks of himself as a fighter, he wants to be a good fighter.
A person leads others to the couch in order to get PersonY to sit down.
A person phones the doctor in order to get a prescription.
If a person decides to do something positive, he will feel excited.
A person takes a spiritual journey in order to find inner peace.
If a person seems to be taking it easy, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gives everyone high fives, he will feel proud.
A person stops to listen in order to hear what people have to say.
If a person gives a great performance, he will feel confident.
If a person explains the problems, he is seen as insightful.
A person goes to his doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person continues studying statistics, he has a better understanding of statistics as a result.
If a person does a really good job, he will feel proud.
If a person worries about his school work, he wants to get good grades.
If a person and others go for a drink, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
A person helps others change in order to help PersonY become a better person.
If a person starts jogging, he will feel energized.
If a person starts making a living, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has money taken, he wants to get money back.
If a person gets encouragement from others, he is encouraged to continue as a result.
If a person feels cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person goes on a long vacation, he will feel content.
If a person reads the book, he will feel entertained.
If a person becomes a successful musician, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he wants to be more fit.
A person ponders some more in order to understand the situation.
If a person puts on her clothing, he will feel ready.
A person takes part in a journey in order to experience new things.
If a person enjoys a long walk, he will feel happy.
A person began to form a plan in order to solve a problem.
If a person thinks of something nice to say, he will feel content.
If a person chooses to live in a quiet area, he will feel peaceful.
A person tries to buy others a present in order to show PersonY that he cares.
A person drives to others’s house in order to meet PersonY.
If a person picks up a bad habit, he develops a drug addiction as a result.
If a person worries others will be upset, he wants to be sure PersonY is okay.
If a person can't get a break, he will feel frustrated.
A person is on phone with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person wins a match, he will feel happy.
A person sets the record straight in order to make sure that everyone knows the truth.
If a person rests well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is growing suspicious, he wants to keep an eye on the situation.
A person goes to the river in order to enjoy the river.
A person prepares for a quiz in order to do well on the quiz.
A person tells others's children a story in order to help PersonY's children.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel optimistic.
If a person has a good argument, he wins the argument as a result.
If a person looks up information on others, he is interested in PersonY as a result.
A person gets a defense attorney in order to be able to defend himself.
If a person and others want to go dancing, he will feel excited.
A person tells others about art in order to share his art with PersonY.
If a person gets his act together, he will feel satisfied.
If a person meets a person after the latter's illness, he gets to know the person as a result.
A person embarks on a journey in order to find a new path.
A person enrolls in classes in order to finish his education.
If a person starts to do a good job, he is seen as talented.
If a person welcomes others's advice, he will feel encouraged.
A person decides to study abroad in order to be independent.
If a person lets himself fall, he hurts himself as a result.
If a person appreciates others's company, he will feel content.
If a person reads an article in a magazine, he will feel informed.
If a person gets a leg up, he will feel powerful.
A person acts immediately in order to solve the problem.
A person studies magic in order to be able to do magic.
If a person deals with conflict, he is able to resolve conflict as a result.
If a person toasts with champagne, he will feel joyful.
A person plans to do some housework in order to be tidy.
If a person and others play games, he will feel entertained.
A person goes to his father in order to have a conversation with his father.
A person tells others about what happened in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person listens to an amazing concert, he will feel delighted.
If a person invites others to meet at a park, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys spending time with family, he feels closer to his family as a result.
If a person is in a tight spot, he will feel anxious.
If a person gives others a good reference, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes this new situation, he wants to continue.
If a person is pummeled, he gets bruised as a result.
A person chooses carefully in order to make the right decision.
If a person gets involved in several businesses, he will feel ambitious.
A person continues to go to the doctor for treatment in order to get better.
A person is thinking about the next day in order to be prepared for the next day.
A person travels overseas in order to see the world.
If a person has a very tender heart, he wants to help people.
If a person discovers new surroundings, he will feel curious.
If a person contributes to a common good, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gives a good service, he will feel happy.
If a person buys a new pair of pants, he is pleased with his new pants as a result.
If a person gets things done, he will feel accomplished.
A person took a day off work in order to rest.
If a person isn't sleeping well, he wants to sleep better.
If a person suffers from a bad cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person realizes it has something, he wants to get it.
If a person is now on the path to success, he will feel confident.
A person visits the old friend in order to reconnect with an old friend.
If a person worries that they are being followed, he will feel anxious.
A person invites his friend over in order to spend time with his friend.
If a person examines the possibility, he wants to investigate.
If a person presents his case, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person studies how to walk, he wants to walk better.
If a person read a book, he will feel interested.
If a person responds to others's explanation, he will feel informed.
A person feeds the animal in order to care for the animal.
If a person falls into a ravine, he will feel hurt.
If a person wins the respect of his parents, he wants to get along with his parents.
If a person makes a career change, he wants to make more money.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person learns how to meet needs, he will feel competent.
If a person feels insecure about others, he wants to feel better about PersonY.
If a person took a trip to her favorite place, he enjoyed her trip as a result.
A person takes his pet to the doctor in order to be sure his pet is healthy.
If a person questions his neighbor, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person is a great salesman, he will feel confident.
If a person is mystified by the world, he wants to understand the world.
If a person realizes that he is wrong, he will feel remorseful.
If a person toasts with everyone, he will feel pleased.
If a person loves his brother, he wants to be close to his brother.
A person visits a school in order to see how the school is doing.
A person plans ahead in order to be prepared for any situation.
If a person is a therapist, he helps her clients as a result.
A person tries to remain calm in order to avoid conflict.
If a person listens to instructions, he will feel attentive.
A person thinks about going to college in order to improve his life.
If a person puts an end to a quarrel, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is bathing others, he gets PersonY to relax as a result.
If a person is named Employee of the Month, he is praised by his boss as a result.
If a person finally gets some fish to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person holds a position, he will feel in control.
If a person is thinking about it, he wants to decide.
If a person solves an algebra problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person learns how to play the piano, he gets better at playing the piano as a result.
If a person is clever and capable, he will feel confident.
If a person has a problem at work, he will feel worried.
If a person considers the proposition, he will feel intrigued.
A person makes plans to leave in order to be free.
If a person completes his assignment, he will feel happy.
If a person gets into a fight with someone, he will feel angry.
A person repairs the house in order to make the house look nice.
If a person helps the police, he will feel useful.
A person starts talking again in order to be able to communicate.
If a person searches for a vacation spot, he finds a place to stay as a result.
A person checks on the status of others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person finds his first job, he earns a salary as a result.
If a person has a great, new job, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a class on popular culture, he will feel curious.
If a person does not know what to do next, he will feel lost.
If a person makes plans, he will feel organized.
If a person discusses the topic, he learns more about the topic as a result.
A person corrects the waiter in order to make sure the waiter is correct.
If a person gets to walk, he will feel pleased.
If a person owns his own place, he will feel free.
If a person looks up to his uncle, he respects his uncle as a result.
If a person reconnects with others, he has a good time as a result.
If a person tries to understand the mechanisms of something, he will feel interested.
If a person slays the Beast, he will feel triumphant.
A person practices hockey in order to be good at hockey.
If a person fixes the issue, he will feel relieved.
If a person has a cool idea, he wants to do the idea.
If a person has fun with 's sister, he will feel good.
A person searches the internet in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person wants to help the world, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person thinks that others is causing trouble, he wants to make PersonY stop.
If a person practices his golf swing, he improves his golf game as a result.
A person continues moving forward in order to continue with his plan.
A person opens a box of chocolates in order to taste the chocolates.
If a person talks to the animal activist, he learns about animal rights as a result.
If a person enjoys solving puzzles, he wants to solve more puzzles.
A person feeds her horse in order to keep her horse healthy.
If a person and others visit the circus, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person falls into a sleep, he sleeps for a long time as a result.
If a person hangs out with his friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person doesn't like what others is wearing, he wants to change PersonY' clothes.
If a person complains of being attacked, he wants to be safe.
A person sets off to travel the world in order to experience new things.
If a person has a bee in his bonnet, he wants to find out what is bugging him.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he wants to eat the dinner.
If a person picked a nice place to live, he will feel content.
If a person found the right information, he will feel confident.
A person puts it all out there in order to be transparent.
If a person begins a search, he wants to find the truth.
If a person takes a special interest in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person observes nature, he will feel curious.
If a person plans the journey, he will feel determined.
If a person listens to some old music, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person realizes responsibility, he wants to be a responsible adult.
If a person plays a sport again, he has fun as a result.
If a person goes into church, he will feel holy.
A person puts forth effort in order to get ahead.
If a person breaks out in song, he will feel excited.
A person buys a new set of furniture in order to make his home more comfortable.
A person always keeps a set schedule in order to be predictable.
If a person clears up the mess, he will feel pleased.
If a person smokes and drinks, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person spends the day in a temple, he will feel spiritual.
If a person's fortunes improve, he is happy as a result.
If a person visits an art exhibit, he will feel curious.
If a person dances to the fast beat, he will feel energetic.
If a person develops an idea, he will feel excited.
If a person spends the evening with his friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person recognizes others's authority, he respects PersonY as a result.
A person starts his own company in order to be self sufficient.
If a person endures evil with good, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sings with friends, he is in a band as a result.
A person travels a lot in order to be on the move.
If a person explains the reason, he is seen as logical.
If a person sets off on a mission, he will feel determined.
A person starts to move towards others in order to be closer to PersonY.
A person attends the school meeting in order to be involved in the school.
If a person accepts the congratulation, he will feel pleased.
If a person is worried about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person thinks of a brilliant solution, he will feel happy.
If a person finds more time to play guitar, he will feel free.
If a person finds a new beginning, he will feel content.
If a person raises a question, he wants to find an answer.
If a person enjoys the spring breeze, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person makes a new beginning, he will feel hopeful.
If a person listens to others's tape, he wants to hear PersonY's voice.
A person decided to go to war in order to protect his country.
If a person manages to calm down, he will feel peaceful.
If a person loses a few pounds, he looks thinner as a result.
A person checks the instruction in order to follow the instructions.
If a person finds a peaceful place, he will feel happy.
If a person’s manager admires , he will feel appreciated.
If a person holds the meeting on time, he will feel successful.
A person thinks about what others says in order to understand PersonY.
A person and others play music together in order to make music with PersonY.
If a person makes a good impression on others, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes up the challenge, he will feel brave.
If a person starts to do work for others, he gets paid as a result.
If a person gets up and goes to work, he will feel energetic.
If a person and others are at the same table, he and PersonY talk as a result.
If a person goes to a church camp, he will feel spiritual.
If a person spends very little money, he will feel thrifty.
A person walks for a moment in order to exercise.
If a person worries that something bad has happened, he will feel anxious.
If a person plays a sport again, he will feel energetic.
If a person follows a set of rules, he will feel strict.
If a person finds a solution, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds his own way, he will feel successful.
If a person's eyes touch others's eyes, he wants to see PersonY's eyes.
If a person goes the right way, he will feel successful.
If a person committed a crime, he will feel guilty.
A person reads the will in order to know the contents of the will.
If a person finds a lovely spot, he is impressed by the view as a result.
A person wishes to go to college in order to have a better future.
A person reads numerous books in order to be well read.
If a person does something that would impress others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person is passionate about something, he wants to pursue that passion.
If a person listens to the event, he learns about the event as a result.
If a person attends the morning class, he will feel interested.
If a person begins to grow up, he becomes a responsible adult as a result.
A person phones person Y in order to talk to person Y.
If a person obtains a position, he will feel successful.
If a person is convinced of the idea, he wants to try it.
If a person has to continue digging, he will feel determined.
If a person decides to get on with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person runs out of clean clothes, he is in need of new clothes as a result.
If a person listens to others's favorite band, he will feel entertained.
If a person likes this restaurant, he wants to go there again.
If a person is inspired to dance, he will feel happy.
A person becomes aware of her emotions in order to understand her feelings.
A person studies vigorously in order to be successful.
If a person manages to make the decision, he will feel in control.
A person decides to invite others over in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person does something wonderful for others in order to be helpful.
A person visits her relatives in order to spend time with her family.
A person asks others to come into the living room in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person understands what needs to be done, he will feel competent.
A person adjusts his anger level in order to be able to control his anger.
If a person is happy with others's explanation, he decides to trust PersonY as a result.
A person is making decisions on the behalf of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person becomes engaged to others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person persuades others to pose nude, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a cave, he explores the cave as a result.
If a person stops to read a book, he will feel relaxed.
A person raises the question in order to know the truth.
If a person joins a special group, he is made to feel special as a result.
A person takes care of it in order to make sure that it is done.
If a person is overburdened with debt, he will feel stressed.
If a person is good at sports, he will feel accomplished.
A person cleans up after a meal in order to be tidy.
If a person gets a good education, he will feel pleased.
If a person has written many books, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person signs up for school, he will feel happy.
If a person finds someone to love, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is in a dead-end, he will feel hopeless.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he decides to correct his mistake as a result.
If a person lives by a schedule, he will feel organized.
If a person gets some work done, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is moved by others’s advice, he will feel inspired.
If a person studies the defense, he will feel motivated.
If a person receives a better job offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person reaches the top, he will feel proud.
If a person enjoys an evening with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
A person fights until the end in order to win.
If a person has a good memory, he remembers a lot of things as a result.
If a person notices someone acting unusually, he suspects that someone is up to no good as a result.
If a person starts a holiday, he has a good time as a result.
If a person helps to fix something, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads her book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person improves himself, he will feel confident.
If a person adopts a new hobby, he is happy as a result.
If a person is happy with his achievement, he wants to celebrate.
If a person shows great affection for others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person extends a hand in order to help someone.
A person gets ready to perform in order to be prepared.
A person is busy working hard in order to succeed.
If a person looks closely at others, he will feel curious.
If a person is a great motivator, he motivates others as a result.
If a person is a good leader, he will feel confident.
If a person discovers a new treat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person helps the detectives, he will feel useful.
If a person asks about his ancestors, he wants to learn more about his family.
If a person knows he has to go to work, he gets up and goes to work as a result.
A person is working full time in order to make money.
If a person finds a warm place, he will feel comforted.
If a person does a wonderful job for others, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person finally finds what he's looking for, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences troubles, he is upset as a result.
If a person rediscovers her art, he is proud of her work as a result.
If a person reads the mystery novel, he will feel curious.
If a person eats his dinner, he will feel content.
If a person acts very nicely, he will feel good.
If a person learns more about life, he will feel wise.
If a person imagines something new, he wants to see what happens.
If a person accepts a new apprentice, he wants to help the apprentice.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good deal, he will feel pleased.
If a person chooses not to give in, he will feel courageous.
If a person investigates others's guilt, he wants to know the truth.
If a person practices the choreography, he will feel motivated.
A person packs suitcases in order to be ready for a trip.
A person has planned for this in order to be prepared.
If a person enjoys a vacation, he is rested as a result.
If a person has a girl over, he wants to spend time with his girlfriend.
If a person looks it up on his computer, he will feel curious.
If a person is completely in the wrong, he will feel guilty.
If a person does a good job of talking, he will feel confident.
If a person realizes something's not right, he wants to know what's wrong.
A person provides others with money in order to help PersonY.
If a person gains respect, he will feel proud.
A person takes others to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person dislikes a psychologist, he wants to get rid of the psychologist.
If a person forms a connection with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person goes to a jazz club, he has a good time as a result.
If a person persuades others to do something, he will feel victorious.
If a person takes control of a situation, he gets what he wants as a result.
If a person has always supported others, he wants to see PersonY happy.
If a person conquers a force, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is prepared for an event, he will feel excited.
If a person asks the teacher for information, he wants to learn.
If a person takes every precaution, he will feel safe.
If a person becomes the big boss, he will feel important.
If a person plans the date, he is pleased with the date as a result.
If a person regrets her ways, he wants to change her ways.
If a person tries to sleep but can’t, he will feel restless.
If a person makes his first sale, he will feel happy.
If a person starts taking medication, he gets better as a result.
If a person types up a letter, he will feel productive.
If a person feels bad, he wants to feel better.
If a person works through things, he wants to get things done.
If a person gets a big job, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds it interesting, he wants to find out more.
If a person gets a computer game, he will feel entertained.
If a person doesn't understand how it happened, he wants to know how it happened.
If a person has a shopping spree, he buys new clothes as a result.
If a person worries about illness, he will feel tense.
If a person drinks a lot of beer, he will feel inebriated.
If a person is given good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns to speak a foreign language, he will feel competent.
If a person has a wonderful evening, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person is a prominent leader, he is admired by his peers as a result.
A person returns to the doctor in order to get better.
A person is working on the farm in order to be productive.
If a person goes to a classical concert, he will feel moved.
A person attempts to talk with others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person lands a contract, he will feel happy.
If a person gets out of the trap, he will feel relieved.
A person is dressed up in a special outfit in order to look special.
If a person gives her new husband a hug, he will feel happy.
If a person has a nice coffee, he will feel content.
If a person follows all the rules, he is seen as a good student.
A person stops, listens in order to hear what people have to say.
If a person jogs around the block, he will feel fit.
If a person takes a "break", he will feel relaxed.
If a person succeeds at socializing, he is seen as popular.
If a person doesn't like it at all, he will feel unhappy.
If a person enjoys the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person anticipates others's needs, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person steps away, he wants to be alone.
If a person acts sensibly, he will feel calm.
If a person has had a good workout, he will feel refreshed.
If a person meets with a financial adviser, he is informed of his financial future as a result.
If a person gets an item, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a point of cleanliness, he is more organized as a result.
If a person helps others clean up the home, he will feel useful.
A person started digging in order to find something.
If a person mends things, he will feel calm.
If a person prepares to begin, he will feel determined.
If a person looks on Google, he will feel curious.
If a person rubs others the wrong way, he is disliked by PersonY as a result.
A person cleans the floors in order to keep the house clean.
If a person gives it a closer look, he will feel curious.
If a person is dissatisfied with the situation, he will feel angry.
A person and others enjoy a walk in order to be outdoors and PersonY wants to exercise.
A person goes on a long journey in order to explore the world.
If a person discovers new surroundings, he wants to explore.
If a person becomes a mentor, he helps others as a result.
If a person finds love again, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person comes to like others more, he will feel happy.
If a person wins others's approval, he will feel happy.
A person searches the Internet in order to learn more about the Internet.
A person asks others’s forgiveness in order to make amends.
If a person becomes a popular person, he is a friend of many as a result.
If a person doesn't want to be lazy, he exercises as a result.
If a person gets angry at the broker, he wants to yell at the broker.
If a person makes a strong effort, he wants to succeed.
A person brushes his teeth twice in order to be clean.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he is calm as a result.
If a person and others go to a fancy restaurant, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person risks everything to help others, he saves PersonY’s life as a result.
If a person exercises twice a day, he will feel fit.
If a person drinks his coffee, he will feel refreshed.
A person thinks about writing to friends in order to express her feelings.
If a person is afraid of getting lost, he wants to be able to find his way around.
If a person becomes others's co-worker, he is seen as a team player.
If a person is beginning to argue, he becomes angry as a result.
A person listens to the crowd in order to know what the crowd thinks.
If a person reads a book of literature, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person spends all night looking for something, he is tired as a result.
If a person thinks of an unusual idea, he wants to try it.
If a person and others visit a good place together, he will feel pleased.
If a person searches for a new career, he will feel motivated.
If a person sees a great movie, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he wants to do more things on his own.
If a person begins to feel sorry for others, he wants to make PersonY feel better.
If a person is bothered by a smell, he wants to find out what the smell is.
If a person does something thoughtful for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person has a fair job, he is paid well as a result.
A person participates in sports in order to be active.
A person talks with a person of interest in order to know more about the person.
If a person grows as a person, he will feel mature.
If a person collects information, he wants to find out more.
If a person gets an opportunity, he will feel hopeful.
A person examines his possible reactions in order to understand his feelings.
If a person claims to care about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person's life is better now, he is happy as a result.
If a person goes on to better things, he will feel satisfied.
A person attends the town meeting in order to participate in the community.
If a person reads a joke book, he will feel entertained.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he will feel rested.
If a person becomes a writer, he gets published as a result.
If a person and others have some time off, he and PersonY get some sun as a result.
If a person feels a thrill of pride, he wants to feel good about himself.
If a person tells the whole truth, he is believed as a result.
If a person attends a trade show, he learns about the market as a result.
If a person makes a resolution, he becomes more organized as a result.
If a person finds the key to success, he will feel happy.
If a person is accepted into university, he wants to study.
A person thinks of doing something for others in order to be helpful.
If a person begins a lengthy quarrel with others, he will feel angry.
If a person buys a new place, he is happy as a result.
If a person, being free from fear, discovers power, he is strong as a result.
If a person reads the rest of the newspaper, he is interested in the article as a result.
A person goes to see a counselor in order to work through her problems.
A person participates in the party in order to be a part of the group.
If a person dances in the street, he will feel happy.
If a person gives a testimony in church, he feels more spiritual as a result.
A person sends a lot of letters in order to express her feelings.
If a person worries that others may be late, he wants to make sure PersonY gets there on time.
If a person learns to play the violin, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person works at the top, he will feel in control.
If a person knows how to handle the situation, he will feel confident.
If a person is beaten by others, he is hurt as a result.
If a person has recently invested in a venture, he wants to earn more money.
A person kept up others's spirits in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person learns from another person, he will feel understood.
A person puts on his make-up in order to look attractive.
If a person commits a serious crime, he is arrested as a result.
If a person falls behind in payments, he wants to pay off his debt.
A person invests in securities in order to be financially secure.
If a person realizes they were wrong, he will feel guilty.
If a person makes plans for the day, he will feel motivated.
A person called an emergency meeting in order to discuss a serious matter.
A person takes a painting class in order to be creative.
If a person develops a hobby, he will feel pleased.
A person prays in Church in order to be spiritual.
If a person attempts to solve problem, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes on an initiative, he wants to do more.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to speak in order to be heard.
A person starts up a chat room in order to be in touch with other people.
If a person get the job, he is happy as a result.
If a person keeps cool, he will feel peaceful.
A person tries a new medication in order to feel better.
If a person has a comfortable chair, he will feel relaxed.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to talk about his problems.
If a person is uncertain as to what will happen next, he will feel anxious.
If a person learns how to be a leader, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets himself a bath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others attend a concert, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person purchases a new dress, he will feel pleased.
If a person sits back and relaxes, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person breaks into the house in order to see what is inside.
A person initiates a business plan in order to make a profit.
A person wants to see a lawyer in order to know his rights.
A person makes a telephone call in order to talk to someone.
If a person posts a message on the bulletin board, he wants to see what other people think.
If a person tumbles down stairs, he is hurt as a result.
If a person craves more success, he wants to work harder.
If a person encounters something new, he will feel intrigued.
If a person makes a conscious decision, he will feel confident.
If a person gets his coat and hat, he will feel warm.
If a person completes the task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person receives a facelift, he will feel attractive.
A person decides to go anyway in order to do something he wants to do.
If a person goes to choir practice, he learns to sing as a result.
If a person found a job, he will feel pleased.
A person calls people in order to be in touch with people.
If a person reads more about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person took a shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person was disappointed with himself, he wants to feel better.
If a person relaxes on a cruise, he will feel joyful.
If a person pays respect to the company head, he will feel respected.
If a person prepares for her work, he will feel organized.
If a person gets into a traffic accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person's life depends on it, he wants to get it done.
A person puts the question to vote in order to know what the group thinks.
A person gives others all the time in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets a new video game, he plays the game as a result.
A person tries to get others to talk to him in order to make PersonY like him.
If a person acts in public, he is recognised as a result.
If a person learns a new skill, he wants to practice the skill.
If a person considers the idea, he will feel intrigued.
A person decides to write something in order to be creative.
If a person picks out what to wear in the morning, he is dressed nicely as a result.
If a person gets the car fixed, he will feel pleased.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he will feel pleased.
If a person is the one for the job, he will feel confident.
A person enters a chat room in order to talk to other people.
If a person is getting married, he will feel happy.
If a person wins first prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person realizes he has won, he will feel happy.
A person works out hard in order to get stronger.
If a person turns on the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person contemplates personY’s health, he wants to take care of personY.
A person pays her respect in order to be polite.
If a person is dissatisfied with the conclusion, he will feel angry.
If a person arranges for a get-together, he meets her friends as a result.
If a person ends up in a fight, he will feel angry.
If a person gets into his car, he drives off as a result.
If a person works out at the health club, he is seen as athletic.
A person goes for a long walk on the beach in order to relax.
If a person gets pampered, he will feel loved.
A person visits Jodi in order to spend time with Jodi.
If a person eats all her dinner, he will feel full.
If a person hates being bored, he wants to be entertained.
If a person and others visit the museum, he and PersonY enjoy the museum as a result.
If a person runs for the telephone, he makes a call as a result.
If a person seeks additional advice, he receives more information as a result.
If a person finds a place to hide, he will feel safe.
If a person gets a camera, he wants to take pictures.
If a person regrets his past action, he wants to do better.
If a person asks others to bring him a soda, he is pleased with the soda as a result.
If a person hunts down poachers, he will feel determined.
If a person takes on the work, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is afraid of a visit, he wants to avoid the visit.
If a person puts her arms around others, he will feel loving.
If a person performs well, he will feel confident.
A person plans on saving money in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person acts professionally, he will feel confident.
If a person is dedicated to his job, he will feel happy.
If a person has a lot of power, he has a lot of influence as a result.
A person is going camping with friends in order to spend time with friends.
If a person has a lousy life, he is miserable as a result.
If a person breaks into a song, he will feel excited.
If a person serves in a community, he will feel connected.
If a person builds up a case, he will feel determined.
If a person is offered a high-paying job, he wants to accept the job.
If a person meets a person of that kind, he gets to know that person as a result.
If a person and others ask questions, he and PersonY learn something as a result.
If a person tries to see the positive side, he becomes more optimistic as a result.
If a person tidies his room, he is pleased with his room as a result.
A person asks a person at work in order to get some information.
A person decorates his house in order to feel proud of his home.
If a person gets well with time, he will feel strong.
A person wants to go home in order to be close to his family.
If a person enjoys living the way he does, he continues to live the way he does as a result.
If a person brings it all together, he will feel complete.
If a person follows a plan, he wants to be successful.
A person treats the pets well in order to make sure the pets are happy.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person gets the truth out, he wants to tell the truth.
A person decides to tell personY about it in order to be honest.
If a person gets accepted to a prestigious university, he will feel thrilled.
A person does an aerobic exercise in order to keep fit.
If a person manages to cook well, he will feel accomplished.
If a person regrets his recent actions, he wants to apologize.
A person gets back to the gym in order to get fit.
If a person is worried about her mother, he wants to talk to her mother.
If a person types an email, he will feel productive.
A person works all day in order to be productive.
If a person puts it on, he will feel good.
If a person wishes others a Happy Birthday, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a way with his words, he is a talented writer as a result.
If a person will win this one, he will feel confident.
If a person volunteers at a home for the disabled, he will feel helpful.
If a person swims in the lake, he will feel refreshed.
If a person made an error, he wants to correct the error.
If a person puts things together, he will feel productive.
If a person trains 4 times a day, he will feel fit.
A person visits personY at home in order to spend time with personY.
A person helps others get ready in order to help PersonY.
If a person has another nightmare, he will feel scared.
If a person states that others has been working hard, he is happy with PersonY’s work as a result.
If a person eats something yummy, he will feel happy.
If a person had a good conversation, he is happy as a result.
If a person finally finds himself, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks of the consequences, he will feel cautious.
A person moves back in with parents in order to be close to his family.
If a person worries about the health of others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person listens in on the conversation, he will feel curious.
If a person is successful in leaving, he will feel confident.
If a person is caught between two opinions, he wants to decide.
If a person is unsatisfied with his actions, he wants to do better.
A person will go to church in order to be spiritual.
If a person behaves politely, he will feel respectful.
If a person realizes it was dangerous, he wants to stop.
If a person thinks about getting away, he will feel anxious.
A person does his chores in order to be good.
If a person expresses his feelings, he will feel understood.
If a person supports others's new idea, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person has a bad day at work, he will feel stressed.
If a person drives an intruder away, he will feel victorious.
If a person treats others for dinner, he will feel good.
A person tries to tell the truth in order to be a good person.
A person read the story to others in order to share the story with PersonY.
A person gives back in order to make amends.
If a person tries to learn how to swim, he wants to be a good swimmer.
A person sends others an e-mail in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person explores others's motives, he will feel curious.
A person registers at the post office in order to be able to get mail.
If a person gets to college, he is successful as a result.
If a person cooks a wonderful meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person questions himself, he wants to be sure of himself.
If a person takes charge of the interview, he will feel confident.
If a person calls others back, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person buys a bike, he is happy as a result.
If a person outplays others at chess, he wins the game as a result.
If a person makes new friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person and others play video games, he will feel amused.
If a person studies a lot, he is seen as smart.
If a person regrets losing control, he wants to regain control.
If a person regrets what he said, he apologizes as a result.
If a person has had enough of this, he gets angry as a result.
If a person takes some time to think about it, he will feel thoughtful.
A person starts looking for a new job in order to earn more money.
A person keeps trying in order to be successful.
If a person incurs many debts, he has to pay back the debts as a result.
If a person explores the hills of the forest, he will feel adventurous.
If a person finds something pleasing, he will feel excited.
If a person finds fault, he wants to fix things.
If a person feels for others, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person comes home with flowers, he will feel happy.
If a person gets involved in a quarrel, he will feel irritated.
If a person speaks calmly, he will feel composed.
If a person gets quite a shock, he will feel upset.
If a person doesn’t really like the apartment, he wants to move out.
If a person overcomes the odds, he will feel triumphant.
If a person had a bad experience, he is upset as a result.
If a person sings his heart out, he will feel content.
A person makes contact with others's parents in order to get to know PersonY's parents.
If a person enjoys a favorite meal, he will feel full.
If a person consults me, he receives advice as a result.
If a person is his own boss, he will feel powerful.
If a person breaks several bones, he will feel in pain.
If a person trains in a new place, he wants to get fit.
If a person learns and grows, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person operates the lathe well, he will feel satisfied.
A person visits the pharmacy in order to buy medicine.
If a person watches a documentary, he will feel entertained.
If a person get confused, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person falls down a cliff, he is injured as a result.
A person goes to a priest's house in order to talk to a priest.
If a person shudders, he will feel terrified.
If a person explains everything, he is seen as wise.
If a person's ribs are broken, he will feel pain.
A person contemplates running for office in order to be a leader.
A person tries to reach the gas pedal in order to go faster.
If a person tries to get the baby back, he will feel determined.
If a person acts fairly, he will feel good.
If a person regrets making the phone call, he wants to not make the phone call.
If a person uses a direct question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person reads the file, he wants to know what's in the file.
If a person agrees to settle, he will feel happy.
A person reads more books in order to improve his knowledge.
A person gets others to go outside in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person agrees to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person sees the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person knows a lot about painting, he will feel creative.
If a person decides to go on a trip, he will feel excited.
A person goes into therapy in order to get better.
If a person has a wonderful time, he will feel joyful.
If a person receives an urgent message, he wants to respond immediately.
If a person finds out what others needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person keeps climbing the ladder, he is promoted as a result.
A person signs up for a karate class in order to learn a new skill.
A person reads a book about the Civil War in order to learn about the Civil War.
If a person has great plans, he will feel happy.
If a person finishes her job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person loves the job, he wants to keep the job.
A person puts others's things in order in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds a new hobby, he wants to learn more about it.
If a person receives free entertainment, he will feel amused.
If a person has another agenda, he wants to make sure he gets his way.
If a person contributes to charity, he wants to help others.
If a person has an excellent time, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to a night club, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person practices his or her faith, he is strengthened in his or her faith as a result.
If a person finishes eating a big meal, he will feel full.
If a person has strep throat, he will feel miserable.
If a person takes steps to insure, he will feel safe.
If a person and others play with the doll, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is good at taking notes, he is a good student as a result.
If a person has already thought it through, he has made a decision as a result.
If a person behaves more calmly, he will feel relaxed.
A person reads for her course in order to be prepared for the exam.
If a person visits the counselor, he gets help as a result.
If a person does a good job cooking, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to bake, he becomes a better cook as a result.
If a person begins a career in ballet, he wants to become a professional dancer.
A person tells others to enjoy in order PersonY to be happy.
If a person is not so ready to take the blame, he wants to avoid taking the blame.
If a person begins to accept her father, he will feel calm.
If a person does something fun, he will feel joyful.
If a person does not take it personally, he will feel calm.
A person follows others's story in order to know what PersonY is doing.
If a person starts to kiss others, he will feel passionate.
If a person worries about losing others, he wants to win PersonY back.
A person brings the cat to the vet in order to keep the cat healthy.
A person leads a quality life in order to live a life of happiness.
A person becomes a better athlete in order to improve his skills.
If a person writes others a thank-you note, he will feel happy.
A person takes care of the garden in order to be productive.
If a person and others visits the beach, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person doesn’t feel okay, he will feel unhappy.
If a person works out a schedule, he will feel efficient.
If a person works out at the gym, he will feel healthy.
If a person likes writing, he will feel inspired.
If a person thinks others has ulterior motives, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
If a person faces the press, he is interviewed as a result.
If a person completes a lesson, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks that others is causing trouble, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
If a person avoids a financial loss, he is able to pay his bills as a result.
If a person makes a smart move, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes long-distance calls, he is in touch with his friends as a result.
If a person completes the mission, he will feel accomplished.
If a person learns how to listen, he is more attentive as a result.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he will feel inspired.
If a person rethinks life, he wants to do something different.
If a person serves a perfect dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he wants to do good deeds.
If a person reaches a settlement with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to remain, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's party is a great success, he will feel happy.
If a person puts in the time, he wants to get the job done.
If a person sets out to do it, he wants to succeed.
If a person lands a perfect shot, he will feel satisfied.
A person visits his wife's grave in order to remember his wife.
A person tries to purchase a gun in order to protect himself.
A person waits for the other person to finish talking in order to make sure the other person is done.
If a person gains information on others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person plots a successful strategy, he will feel pleased.
If a person's feelings are hurt, he gets angry as a result.
If a person becomes involved in politics, he will feel passionate.
A person must go to the office in order to be productive.
If a person is guided by her faith, he wants to live a life of faith.
If a person eats a nice meal, he feels full as a result.
A person walks around outside in order to be active.
A person begins making videos in order to be a filmmaker.
If a person watches hockey on TV, he is interested in hockey as a result.
If a person was accepted, he is happy as a result.
A person checks facts in order to be accurate.
If a person reads the poem, he understands the poem as a result.
If a person takes part in an event, he will feel motivated.
If a person sits in front of the computer, he plays computer games as a result.
If a person can't handle others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person eats the food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads the file, he is able to understand the document as a result.
If a person works a 7-day week, he will feel productive.
If a person and others buy an item together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person makes it to school in order to finish his school work.
If a person claims they were framed, he wants to prove they were framed.
If a person has a deep breath, he feels more relaxed as a result.
If a person reaches a major conclusion, he will feel pleased.
If a person argues with a relative, he is upset as a result.
A person resumes speaking in order to communicate with others.
If a person applies for help, he gets help as a result.
If a person revises a paper, he will feel motivated.
If a person enjoys the great outdoors, he will feel refreshed.
If a person decides to buy a dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person begins to find others attractive, he wants to see PersonY.
A person applies for a job at the tavern in order to earn money.
A person is trying to communicate in order to be understood.
If a person hides in the shadow, he is not seen as a result.
If a person starts a song, he sings well as a result.
If a person retreats into isolation, he is lonely as a result.
If a person starts hanging out with others again, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person sorts his words in order to be careful with his words.
If a person is back on track, he is more focused as a result.
If a person finds his target, he will feel pleased.
If a person acquires a bike, he will feel happy.
If a person forms a group, he gets to know his friends as a result.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he becomes more relaxed as a result.
If a person is a successful student, he will feel confident.
If a person considers two points of view, he wants to see both sides.
If a person gets his way, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a success, he is proud of himself as a result.
A person fixes a dish in order to make the dish better.
If a person wants a bite to eat, he wants to eat at a restaurant.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening, he will feel content.
A person is at a grocery store in order to buy some food.
A person invites others for tea in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gains others' trust, he will feel respected.
A person participates in a protest march in order to be a part of a movement.
A person and others attend school in order to learn and PersonY wants to learn.
If a person does something wrong, he will feel guilty.
If a person realizes a goal, he will feel happy.
If a person has the same trouble as others, he will feel worried.
If a person has had her hair done, he will feel pretty.
If a person goes to movies with others, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person just can’t take it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person enjoys a moment with others, he will feel content.
If a person drinks a lot of coffee, he will feel awake.
If a person sorts her music collection, he will feel organized.
If a person reaches a target, he will feel successful.
If a person makes good use of his time, he will feel accomplished.
A person is on the phone with others in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person is working on the site, he will feel motivated.
If a person plays lots of games, he has fun as a result.
If a person prays for a while, he will feel peaceful.
If a person eats her lunch, he will feel full.
A person fills a pail with water in order to be able to use the water.
If a person's back breaks again, he is in pain as a result.
If a person gets help from friends, he will feel encouraged.
A person finds a way to express in order to be able to express her feelings.
If a person sits by the fire, he gets warm as a result.
If a person gets dressed in the morning, he will feel put together.
If a person has everything going for her, he will feel content.
If a person does something wonderful for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person says hi to his friends, he will feel friendly.
If a person gets past that pain, he feels better as a result.
A person tests a product in order to find out if the product is any good.
If a person manages to cope, he will feel in control.
A person tries to confirm others’s suspicions in order to make sure PersonY is right.
If a person hits a slump, he will feel frustrated.
If a person starts to miss others, he wants to see PersonY.
If a person has a bad morning, he will feel stressed.
A person goes to a restaurant with friends in order to socialize.
A person gets a lot of work done in order to be productive.
If a person receives congratulations from others, he will feel happy.
If a person investigates the box, he wants to find out what's in the box.
If a person is busy with assignments, he will feel tired.
If a person surprises others with a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person keeps his wits about him, he will feel clever.
If a person continues to prove himself to others, he will feel valued.
If a person is under siege, he will feel frightened.
If a person builds on their business, he will feel successful.
If a person feels ashamed of what he has done, he wants to make amends.
If a person's plan works, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others are at peace, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes amends, he feels better as a result.
If a person likes books, he wants to read more.
If a person is engaged to be married, he will feel happy.
If a person kicks the ball into the goal, he will feel pleased.
If a person is studying to become a doctor, he will feel motivated.
If a person follows the news, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person tells the story, he is seen as a good storyteller.
A person always says what she means in order to be honest.
A person is working out in order to stay in shape.
If a person notices something off, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person scores the winning goal, he will feel happy.
If a person takes time off from work, he will feel rested.
If a person reads People magazine, he will feel entertained.
A person stalks the Enemy in order to find out the Enemy's plans.
If a person invests some time in that endeavor, he gets better at that endeavor as a result.
A person is prepared to study in order to do well in school.
If a person does a nice thing for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
A person goes to his friend’s house in order to spend time with his friend.
A person practices riding in order to be a good rider.
If a person plans an outing, he has fun as a result.
If a person is interested in something, he wants to learn more about it.
If a person takes another shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person considers the conflict over, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person has become successful, he is pleased as a result.
A person works in her neighborhood in order to help her neighbors.
If a person commits to a cause, he will feel happy.
If a person walks around the block, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person finds something suspicious, he wants to find out what it is.
A person learns how to bowl in order to improve his game.
A person keeps track of his mom in order to be sure his mom is okay.
A person tried to sneak out the door in order to be independent.
If a person makes her own choice, he feels independent as a result.
A person tells others to read a book in order PersonY to learn something new.
A person goes away to a new place in order to explore.
If a person checks out alternatives, he wants to try something new.
If a person increases her exercise program, he is healthier as a result.
If a person suspects others of something, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
A person calls others at home in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person finds something to do, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person continues to search, he wants to find the truth.
If a person breaks 's ribs, he is in pain as a result.
If a person owns his own place, he will feel independent.
If a person is a conscientious student, he wants to study more.
If a person thinks of an unusual idea, he wants to pursue the idea.
If a person gets a car, he is pleased as a result.
If a person tries to be strong, he will feel strong.
A person begins to study in order to do well in school.
If a person has fun with a friend, he will feel delighted.
If a person and others go to the game, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person thanks others for the meal, he will feel happy.
If a person is good at playing chess, he will feel satisfied.
If a person always keeps a set schedule, he will feel organized.
A person begins and ends with prayer in order to follow God's will.
A person took a day off in order to relax.
If a person finds himself in trouble, he will feel upset.
If a person listens to her mother, he learns to obey her mother as a result.
A person writes in words in order to express himself.
If a person has to fight for his rights, he will feel determined.
A person plans to do some housework in order to keep her house clean.
If a person continues to track others, he wants to keep PersonY from escaping.
If a person takes a rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person examines the chart in order to understand the data.
If a person checks out others's new car, he is impressed by PersonY's car as a result.
If a person listens to the weather report, he wants to know the forecast.
If a person gets a leg up, he will feel encouraged.
A person continues to travel alone in order to be independent.
A person provides an explanation in order to be able to answer the question.
If a person has a dangerous encounter, he will feel scared.
If a person gets a book out of the library, he will feel pleased.
If a person has fun with a friend, he will feel good.
A person feeds the pig in order to make sure the pig is fed.
If a person takes what others said, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person called the doctor in order to get better.
If a person takes a new job, he wants to make more money.
A person hurries to catch the train in order to be on time.
If a person receives a job offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person got what he wanted, he is happy as a result.
If a person knows how to defend himself, he will feel confident.
A person practices singing in order to be better.
A person was working in order to be productive.
If a person has a look at the letter, he will feel curious.
If a person notes a trend, he wants to understand the trend.
A person brushes teeth in order to keep his teeth clean.
If a person thinks others is a good listener, he feels understood as a result.
If a person gets the work out of the way, he will feel relieved.
If a person is a talented man, he is a success as a result.
If a person acts assertively, he will feel strong.
If a person cooks a wonderful meal, he will feel happy.
If a person was prepared for her examination, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys the party, he wants to go to the party again.
If a person is aware of a sound, he wants to know what it is.
If a person built his reputation on integrity, he will feel confident.
If a person likes this book, he wants to read more.
A person buys it for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person writes a good book in order to be a good writer.
If a person fills out a job application, he gets a job as a result.
A person prepares to leave the country in order to go to a new country.
If a person has an argument with her parents, he will feel upset.
If a person proposes to Julia, he will feel happy.
If a person dislikes the choice, he wants to make a different choice.
If a person has a good career, he will feel happy.
If a person knows how to cope, he will feel confident.
If a person receives reassurance, he feels better as a result.
A person attempts to exercise in order to feel better.
If a person realizes that he or she is wrong, he wants to be right.
A person buys himself some books in order to learn more.
A person eats some of the lettuce in order to get some of the benefits of the lettuce.
If a person rests well, he will feel content.
If a person tries new things, he becomes more adventurous as a result.
If a person heads out to the party, he will feel happy.
If a person goes on an evening walk, he has a pleasant evening as a result.
A person went up the river in order to explore the river.
If a person becomes a fugitive, he wants to stay in hiding.
If a person fights for others's rights, he wants to make sure PersonY gets what he deserves.
If a person resumes an old activity, he will feel motivated.
If a person is tired of trying, he wants to give up.
If a person and others train, he and PersonY are in shape as a result.
If a person and others eat their dinner, he and PersonY are full as a result.
If a person is training hard, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person wonders why he can't solve the problem, he wants to figure out the problem.
If a person buys an automobile, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a nice time with others, he will feel happy.
A person works on multiple projects in order to be productive.
If a person rests in bed, he will feel content.
If a person becomes an upstanding member of society, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys the company of other people, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets his hands on the book, he wants to read the book.
If a person gives it his all, he wants to win.
If a person gets straightened out, he will feel good.
A person decides to leave the place in order to be free.
If a person takes a long bath, he is relaxed as a result.
A person gives her son the responsibility of choosing his toys in order to give her son independence.
If a person enjoys a talk with his colleagues, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person and others have had fun, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person asks others about something, he wants to know more.
If a person speaks up for others's candidacy, he wants to see PersonY win.
If a person wins the race, he will feel pleased.
If a person remembers a mistake, he wants to make a correction.
If a person doesn’t know where to begin, he wants to know what to do.
If a person regrets some past action, he wants to change his behavior.
If a person passes the job interview, he will feel pleased.
If a person is interested in others's toys, he wants to play with PersonY's toys as a result.
If a person clears up the matter, he will feel in control.
A person calls others's place in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person wins the first prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person continues a hobby, he will feel pleased.
If a person is lazing on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
A person is allowed to work independently in order to do his own work.
If a person pays attention to his footsteps, he will feel alert.
If a person obtains data, he makes a discovery as a result.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel proud.
A person is concerned about the story in order to be sure the story is accurate.
If a person lets go of anger, he calms down as a result.
If a person does a lot of push-ups, he will feel energetic.
If a person finishes his food, he will feel full.
If a person continues on down the road, he will feel determined.
If a person enjoys a vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person searches for money, he wants to find a job.
A person checks on him in order to make sure he is okay.
If a person expresses a profound thought, he wants to share his thoughts.
A person checks in others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person is attacked by animals, he is injured as a result.
A person and others go out on a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person cooks an enormous meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes out with his girlfriend, he is happy as a result.
A person starts taking medication in order to feel better.
If a person thinks of friends and family, he wants to be with friends and family.
If a person believes it is too long, he wants to shorten it.
A person talks others into visiting an art museum in order to show PersonY something interesting.
If a person works harder, he will feel determined.
If a person proposes a book club, he and the others enjoy a book as a result.
A person communicates with others about it in order to get PersonY's opinion.
A person starts law school in order to learn more about the law.
A person buys himself some books in order to be well read.
A person begins to order in order to be in control.
If a person has a lot of experience, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person learns about her family, he wants to learn more about her family.
If a person dresses for a party, he will feel elegant.
If a person decides to run for office, he will feel hopeful.
If a person receives support, he will feel encouraged.
A person chats on the phone with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person shops for new clothing, he looks better as a result.
If a person is getting along with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds something to drink, he will feel refreshed.
If a person reads the paper, he will feel informed.
If a person is very concerned, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person falls into a ravine, he is injured as a result.
If a person learns how to play the bagpipes, he is good at playing the bagpipes as a result.
If a person puts on a show for others, he is complimented by PersonY as a result.
If a person is wrapped up in the blankets, he is warm as a result.
If a person drinks wine during dinner, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person is cheered up by his family, he will feel delighted.
A person registers to vote in order to be a part of the community.
If a person had a lot of work to do, he will feel stressed.
A person visits the village in order to learn about the village.
A person decides to go back to school in order to improve her life.
If a person listens to a radio talk show, he will feel entertained.
If a person is agitated because of something that happened, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person plans an outing, he will feel excited.
A person travels across the world in order to experience new things.
If a person watches a game, he will feel entertained.
If a person worries that they are being followed, he wants to be safe.
A person maintains a low profile in order to be anonymous.
A person listens with interest in order to learn.
If a person thinks over things, he will feel reflective.
If a person is from away, he has to travel as a result.
A person moves a lot in order to travel.
A person makes it a habit in order to be consistent.
If a person finds friends, he wants to hang out with them.
If a person learns to appreciate poetry, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds an old picture, he wants to look at the picture.
A person works at his garden in order to keep his garden in good shape.
A person carries on his own operations in order to be independent.
A person really tries in order to be good at something.
If a person spends time with others's family, he learns to appreciate PersonY's family as a result.
If a person decided to hang out, he meets some friends as a result.
If a person goes on a night out, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thanks him, he will feel happy.
If a person has a new job, he will feel successful.
If a person's a womanizer, he has many girlfriends as a result.
If a person anticipates triumph, he wants to celebrate.
If a person types up a report, he will feel productive.
If a person studies nature, he will feel fascinated.
If a person does something for others, he will feel helpful.
If a person washes clothes, he will feel clean.
If a person becomes a leader, he gains followers as a result.
If a person confides in his girlfriend, he will feel comfortable.
If a person meets her ideal, he will feel happy.
If a person warns about impending disaster, he wants to be prepared.
If a person worries about her problem, he wants to get help.
If a person exercises every day, he will feel energetic.
A person works well in order to be a good employee.
A person visits others's grandfather in order to spend time with PersonY's grandfather.
A person visits the counselor in order to get help.
If a person visits a librarian, he is informed about the library as a result.
A person decides to run again in order to get back in the game.
If a person finds a part-time job, he will feel busy.
If a person visits the wise man, he gets some advice as a result.
A person attempts to raise a child in order to be a good parent.
If a person's life improves, he will feel content.
A person buys some things for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others enjoy watching the play, he will feel happy.
A person expresses his thoughts in order to communicate with others.
A person begins to do better in order to be a better person.
If a person is able to do it all, he will feel accomplished.
If a person starts to study, he will feel determined.
If a person does not like loud music, he wants to turn down the music.
If a person joins the discussion, he gets more involved as a result.
If a person regrets their action, he wants to apologize.
A person treats others very nicely in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person is upset about this matter, he wants to feel better.
A person prepares to write a novel in order to be creative.
If a person treats others to a meal, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to see a counselor, he is able to discuss his problems as a result.
If a person cares a lot about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he will feel competent.
A person leaves home for training in order to get better.
If a person starts to settle down, he will feel happy.
If a person finishes eating his meal, he feels full as a result.
If a person suffers a car accident, he is injured as a result.
A person lets others know about the situation in order to keep PersonY in the loop.
If a person collects funds, he raises money for charity as a result.
If a person feels that someone is looking for , he wants to be safe.
If a person begins to do something, he will feel determined.
If a person runs an online poll, he wants to see the results.
A person gets in touch with others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person joins others's tennis team, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person helps out in the office, he is seen as a team player.
If a person investigates situations, he is seen as thorough.
If a person claims victory, he will feel proud.
If a person begins to doubt his or her abilities, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is disappointed with a doctor, he gets a second opinion as a result.
If a person is concerned about others, he wants to help others.
If a person is offended by insult, he wants to defend himself.
If a person has a theory about others, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person ate what he wanted, he will feel full.
If a person reads the business newspaper, he will feel informed.
If a person refuses to be intimidated, he will feel brave.
If a person cries and shouts, he will feel frustrated.
If a person takes responsibility for the success of an event, he will feel proud.
If a person takes care of self, he is healthy as a result.
If a person studies the old photographs, he will feel curious.
If a person gets the extra help he needed, he will feel relieved.
A person goes back to his mother's house in order to reconnect with his mother.
A person has worked hard in order to be a success.
If a person makes an eloquent speech, he will feel powerful.
A person talks to the waitress in order to have a conversation.
If a person fears making a fool of himself, he does not make a fool of himself as a result.
If a person is sick of his job, he wants to find a new job.
A person checks on the status of others in order to make sure PersonY is OK.
If a person, acting as interpreter, takes a deep breath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person watches a comedy show, he wants to laugh.
A person eventually moves out in order to live on his own.
A person confronts others about her lies in order to know the truth.
A person is speaking with others in order to discuss a topic with PersonY.
If a person eats her veggies, he will feel full.
A person does something for herself in order to be independent.
A person decides to look in order to know what's going on.
If a person takes care of the situation, he will feel confident.
If a person learns how to use a computer, he is good at using a computer as a result.
If a person feels guilty about his crime, he wants to make amends.
A person takes care of the garden in order to have a nice garden.
If a person finds out about something, he wants to find out more.
If a person raises an interesting question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person meets deadlines, he will feel successful.
If a person always knows the right thing to say, he will feel confident.
If a person ponders the situation, he will feel uncertain.
If a person is concerned for the baby, he wants to take care of the baby.
If a person keeps awake at night, he will feel anxious.
A person questions the employer in order to know more about the job.
A person sees a lawyer in order to know his rights.
A person picks up the kids in order to spend time with the kids.
If a person gets a nice gift, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets the work done on time, he will feel confident.
If a person is an authority, he is respected as a result.
A person gets ready for a meeting in order to be prepared.
If a person is capable of drawing, he will feel creative.
If a person hesitates to begin writing, he will feel unsure.
A person decides to call home in order to talk to his family.
If a person is guided by her faith, he will feel encouraged.
If a person gets into the pool, he has fun in the pool as a result.
A person reads plenty of books in order to be well read.
A person readies for a vacation in order to be relaxed.
If a person is taken care of, he will feel safe.
If a person gets his own back, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes immediate action, he will feel competent.
A person convinces others to talk in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
A person decides to walk around in order to get some fresh air.
A person works on the home computer in order to improve his computer skills.
A person looks after the children in order to make sure the children are safe.
If a person took a day off work, he will feel rested.
If a person regrets his mistake, he wants to make amends.
A person eats several pieces of cake in order to enjoy the taste of cake.
If a person attends a play, he likes the play as a result.
If a person arrives at the gym, he gets fit as a result.
If a person raises a concern, he wants to get an answer.
If a person is accepted at a prestigious university, he will feel happy.
A person starts working in order to earn money.
If a person has a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person has been taught a new technique, he wants to use the technique.
If a person buys an album, he is pleased with the album as a result.
If a person cannot go to sleep, he will feel restless.
A person builds a big business in order to make a lot of money.
If a person started caring about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person puts in an application, he wants to get a job.
If a person gets the part, he is pleased as a result.
A person eats some of the feast in order to enjoy the feast.
If a person has an exceptional meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person suffers a big loss, he is sad as a result.
If a person follows rules, he is disciplined as a result.
If a person entertains others and her friends, he will feel amused.
If a person and others work together on a project, he and PersonY get along well as a result.
A person studies and drinks in order to learn and get smarter.
If a person has a personal crisis, he wants to get out of his current situation.
A person gets dressed up in order to look good.
If a person insists on having others as a friend, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
A person goes to the web in order to find out more about a certain topic.
If a person enjoys the experience, he wants to repeat the experience.
If a person prepares a special party, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets all dressed up, he will feel happy.
If a person starts to get what he wants, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person keeps a personal journal, he writes about her life as a result.
If a person goes ahead with her work, he will feel motivated.
If a person faces sudden danger, he wants to be safe.
A person learns a new language in order to be fluent in a new language.
If a person shows off his new dress, he will feel pleased.
If a person drinks a beer, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person finds a good buy, he is pleased with his purchase as a result.
If a person gets an urgent phone call, he will feel anxious.
If a person makes it happen, he will feel empowered.
If a person speaks out for the victim, he will feel compassionate.
If a person is reading a newspaper, he will feel curious.
If a person works out at a gym, he will feel healthy.
If a person sets out to explain her ideas, he wants to be understood.
If a person puts on good clothes, he will feel confident.
If a person gains some new information, he will feel interested.
If a person can go on a date, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to get the door open in order to get out of the house.
If a person contemplates the ocean, he is moved by the ocean as a result.
A person gets ready to make the call in order to talk to the other person.
A person needs to go back home in order to be near his family.
If a person works a long time, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person decides to participate in class, he wants to do well in class.
A person studies different opinions in order to learn more about different people.
A person goes through the article in order to understand the article.
If a person reunites with his parents, he will feel content.
A person asks others to go somewhere together in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person struggles with study, he will feel frustrated.
A person works hard for money in order to be financially independent.
If a person digs into his steak, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels that someone is looking for , he will feel frightened.
If a person wins the competition, he will feel happy.
A person does a lot of work in order to earn money.
A person and others attend a business meeting in order to do business with PersonY.
If a person acquires the capital needed to begin a business, he is happy as a result.
If a person arrives at the correct decision, he will feel smart.
A person questions the driver of the truck in order to learn more about the driver.
If a person finds something good to eat, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes to group therapy in order to be better.
A person considers fighting back in order to be able to defend herself.
If a person is not happy with what they accomplished, he wants to do better.
If a person is shot at in the streets, he is injured as a result.
If a person chooses the right item, he will feel pleased.
If a person knows that others will love the gift, he will feel confident.
If a person is not sure of the way to go, he will feel lost.
If a person decides to enroll in a degree program, he wants to finish his degree.
If a person does some sewing, he will feel creative.
If a person sings along with music, he will feel joyful.
A person takes care of business in order to do a good job.
If a person contemplates his actions, he is remorseful as a result.
If a person feels a bit better, he will feel hopeful.
If a person has a positive first date, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is working out, he will feel motivated.
If a person recalls his past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person takes responsibility for the house, he will feel in control.
If a person begins to apply his knowledge, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds it difficult to cope, he will feel frustrated.
A person takes a spiritual journey in order to feel connected to the universe.
If a person enjoys a day off, he feels rested as a result.
A person helps train a dog in order to help the dog.
If a person gets more education, he will feel intelligent.
If a person goes ahead with the new plan, he is happy with the new plan as a result.
A person mends the wardrobe in order to make the wardrobe useful.
A person passes out the papers in order to get the papers to the customers.
If a person has a really good life, he will feel content.
If a person finally finds himself, he will feel content.
A person puts together the advertising campaign in order to create a successful campaign.
If a person finds the right apartment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person puts in the time, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes care of his things, he wants to be neat.
A person visits Grandmother in order to be with his grandmother.
If a person buys a new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person met someone he should know, he wants to know more about this person.
If a person goes to the market with others, he wants to buy food.
If a person is coming home soon, he wants to see his family.
If a person is shown a way out, he will feel encouraged.
If a person catches a lot of fish, he will feel satisfied.
If a person rinses his or her hair, he will feel clean.
If a person and others finally make love, he will feel satisfied.
A person gets work done in order to be productive.
If a person takes over the chairmanship, he will feel in charge.
If a person is ready to look ahead, he will feel hopeful.
If a person buys others’s book, he will feel pleased.
If a person is unable to pay his credit card bill, he wants to borrow money.
If a person read between the lines, he understands what was said as a result.
A person takes a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person goes the right way, he will feel secure.
If a person is concerned about something, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person recruits the person, he will feel satisfied.
If a person admires others's ideas, he will feel inspired.
If a person applies lotion, he will feel refreshed.
A person enforces the rule in order to make sure that the rule is followed.
A person gets on with her work in order to do her job well.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he is happy as a result.
A person demonstrates a new invention in order to show his invention to the world.
A person tries to open the door in order to get out of the house.
A person responds to a baby's cries in order to help the baby.
If a person and others read a story, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person finds the apartment’s music objectionable, he wants to turn it off.
If a person’s stapler has gone missing, he wants to find the stapler.
If a person adjusts to a new medication, he feels better as a result.
If a person donates to charity, he will feel good.
If a person does everything in his power to make things better, he will feel determined.
If a person rehearses her speech, he wants to perform.
A person decides to study for his class in order to get good grades.
If a person collects things, he wants to keep them.
If a person regrets an action, he wants to do something different.
If a person gets a salary increase, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gains respect, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to skate, he gets better at skating as a result.
A person joins her employer in order to be a part of the company.
If a person decides to relax, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to get away in order to be alone.
If a person learns about laundry, he gets his clothes clean as a result.
If a person is winning, he will feel triumphant.
If a person and others can communicate, he will feel understood.
If a person thanks others for everything, he will feel happy.
If a person goes into the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person tells others something nice, he will feel good.
If a person goes for a holiday, he has a good time as a result.
If a person gets a medical diagnosis, he gets a prescription as a result.
A person makes her way over to others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person looks for others to speak in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person reads a story, he will feel content.
If a person jumps into the shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person meets new and exciting person, he wants to talk to that person.
If a person does not know where to start, he will feel confused.
A person takes on more work in order to be more productive.
If a person eats at a posh restaurant, he will feel elegant.
If a person sits back and relaxes, he will feel content.
If a person finds a good job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person moves into his own apartment, he will feel independent.
If a person falls into a ditch, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person gets his revenge, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to resolve a situation in order to be able to make a decision.
If a person tells people to follow him, he gets more followers as a result.
A person goes for a long walk in order to get some exercise.
If a person’s father gives him a present, he will feel happy.
If a person takes on his own responsibilities, he will feel in control.
A person writes to the man she loves in order to tell the man she loves how she feels.
If a person wins the bet, he will feel pleased.
If a person realizes that something isn't right, he wants to fix it.
If a person questions his sexual identity, he wants to find out more about himself.
If a person doubts his decision, he wants to know what he's doing.
If a person begins to pray, he will feel peaceful.
A person reads others's poetry in order to understand PersonY.
If a person thinks about things he’s done wrong, he feels guilty as a result.
A person shares his ideas with others in order to help others.
If a person got a good mark, he will feel pleased.
A person raises a big family in order to be able to provide for his family.
If a person puts a house in order, he feels accomplished as a result.
If a person makes a few friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person puts a lot of time into it, he wants to do it right.
If a person ends up with a new car, he will feel pleased.
If a person shudders to think, he will feel terrified.
A person runs around the neighborhood in order to get exercise.
A person tests the computer game in order to see if the game is good.
If a person gets a puncture, he will feel in pain.
If a person gets the sense that something is wrong, he will feel uneasy.
If a person wishes that things had been different, he wants to make things better.
A person works on the frame in order to finish the frame.
If a person wins in a head-to-head comparison, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes watching others, he wants to watch more PersonY.
If a person puts his life back together, he will feel content.
If a person resolves the issue, he will feel relieved.
If a person has to think about this issue, he will feel worried.
A person opens the conversation in order to communicate with others.
A person picks up others from the airport in order to help PersonY.
A person carries out the instructions in order to do what is expected of him.
If a person is offered a very good job, he will feel happy.
If a person wins for once, he will feel pleased.
A person goes back to his job in order to be productive.
If a person hears an interesting rumor, he wants to investigate.
If a person regrets agreeing to a bet, he wants to forget the bet.
If a person learns to be patient, he will feel calm.
If a person is worried about the children, he wants to take care of the children.
If a person buys others some nice flowers, he will feel pleased.
A person moves out of the apartment in order to be independent.
If a person thinks about life and concludes that it is good, he will feel content.
If a person likes to draw, he will feel inspired.
If a person begins to bleed again, he will feel in pain.
If a person looks to others for direction, he wants to follow PersonY's lead.
If a person buys a guitar, he wants to learn how to play.
If a person has a successful pitch with good content, he will feel confident.
If a person practices to win, he will feel excited.
If a person gets a doctor's appointment, he wants to get better.
If a person's actions are misrepresented, he is criticized as a result.
If a person cooks a gourmet meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hears a horror story, he feels scared as a result.
If a person writes letters to the newspaper, he is seen as articulate.
A person convinces others to marry in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets a lot of cash, he will feel wealthy.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he is pleased as a result.
If a person seems to have succeeded, he is pleased as a result.
If a person shares a toast with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person has a flash of inspiration, he has a great idea as a result.
If a person looks it up on a website, he is curious about it as a result.
If a person becomes fascinated by others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person checks out others's new jewelry, he likes PersonY's new jewelry as a result.
A person agrees to run for city council in order to be a public servant.
If a person buys tickets to a show, he will feel happy.
If a person and others are studying for exams, he will feel motivated.
If a person signs up for a tournament, he wants to win.
A person succeeds in calling others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person has not eaten all day, he will feel hungry.
If a person gets dressed in the morning, he is ready for work as a result.
If a person feels like she's forgotten something, he wants to remember what it is.
If a person didn't use force, he didn't hurt anyone as a result.
If a person buys the ring, he will feel pleased.
If a person hates PersonZ, he wants to get rid of PersonZ.
If a person becomes informed, he wants to learn more.
If a person is trying to do better, he is getting better as a result.
If a person gains a new skill, he wants to use the skill.
A person practices with his band in order to be a musician.
A person is a good host in order to make sure his guests are comfortable.
If a person seems like a local, he is recognized by locals as a result.
A person works out a schedule in order to be organized.
A person wipes the seat before using it in order to keep the seat clean.
A person inspects his nose in order to make sure his nose is okay.
If a person's feelings are hurt, he wants to feel better.
If a person has a nice dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person enlists an ally, he will feel supported.
A person brushes a child's teeth in order to help the child.
If a person joins a chess club, he learns to play chess as a result.
A person serves in order to be of service to others.
If a person goes to see a therapist, he will feel upset.
If a person feels a bit guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person starts questioning, he will feel uncertain.
If a person makes the sale, he will feel confident.
If a person starts living a better life, he wants to continue living a better life.
If a person is in favor of marrying others, he will feel content.
A person visits her relatives in order to be close to her family.
If a person decides to settle down, he will feel content.
If a person is unsatisfied with his job, he will feel angry.
If a person begins to shake, he wants to stop shaking.
If a person gets changed, he is wearing clean clothes as a result.
A person listens in to a conversation in order to hear what is being said.
If a person boasts about his smarts, he will feel proud.
If a person won’t stand for this, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person explores the possibility, he will feel curious.
If a person's dog gets out of the house, he wants to get his dog back.
If a person realizes a mistake, he corrects the mistake as a result.
If a person thinks that others should stop blaming herself, he encourages PersonY to be more positive as a result.
If a person and others drink at a bar, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person sees the correct answer, he is happy as a result.
If a person has washed his hands, he will feel clean.
If a person is exercising, he will feel fit.
If a person and others enjoy the rain, he will feel content.
If a person watches a news show, he learns about the news as a result.
If a person finds a new lover, he is happy as a result.
A person washes his hands in order to be clean.
If a person completes a plan, he will feel confident.
If a person types at the computer, he will feel productive.
If a person discovers an oasis, he wants to visit the oasis.
If a person observes other people, he will feel curious.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to interest others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person talks about his youth, he becomes nostalgic as a result.
If a person recalls his previous years, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person acquires others’s book, he is pleased with the book as a result.
A person decides to make some telephone calls in order to get information.
If a person has not enough rest, he will feel sleepy.
A person prepares for a voyage in order to explore the world.
If a person drinks a smoothie, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets involved in a quarrel, he will feel angry.
If a person starts an argument with others, he will feel angry.
If a person wins at a tournament, he will feel pleased.
A person promises to buy a new dress for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person considers something strange, he wants to know what it is.
If a person performs charity, he will feel good.
A person writes down everything that others says in order to be able to recall everything that PersonY says.
If a person studies law, he wants to be a lawyer.
If a person looks into the window, he wants to see what's going on.
If a person gave a talk, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person is determined to finish the assignment, he will feel confident.
If a person thanks others for the invitation, he wants to see PersonY again.
A person learns to speak in order to communicate with others.
If a person has done his homework, he will feel smart.
If a person enjoys the night, he will feel relaxed.
If a person observes something strange, he wants to investigate.
If a person gives someone a hug, he will feel happy.
A person keeps trying no matter what in order to be successful.
If a person eats the meat, he will feel full.
If a person wins the prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person wins the fight against others, he will feel confident.
A person is back in touch with others in order to see PersonY again.
If a person tries out a new recipe, he likes the new recipe as a result.
If a person observes a phenomenon, he wants to understand the phenomenon.
If a person goes for a date with others, he wants to see PersonY again.
A person launches a counter-offensive in order to regain control.
If a person wins the award, he will feel pleased.
If a person relaxes on the sofa, he will feel content.
If a person finds some nice shade, he will feel comfortable.
A person reads it all in order to understand the book.
A person wrote this book in order to share his knowledge.
If a person puts on his make-up, he will feel attractive.
If a person leans back to relax, he will feel happy.
If a person creates a new life for herself, he is happy as a result.
If a person feels she is going to lose control, he will feel panicked.
If a person discovers a new way, he wants to use the new way.
If a person has some degree of control over the event, he will feel confident.
If a person fights the battle, he is seen as brave.
If a person is on the jogging path, he will feel energetic.
If a person takes shelter, he will feel comforted.
If a person feels perplexed, he wants to figure out what is going on.
If a person builds up some savings, he will feel pleased.
If a person got a bargain, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to a market in order to buy some food.
If a person fixes the water leak, he will feel pleased.
If a person contemplates about life, he will feel curious.
If a person's neck is broken, he will feel in pain.
If a person notices something going on, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person is skilled at making his point, he will feel confident.
If a person reads a serious book, he will feel interested.
If a person asks a tough question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person is given information, he becomes more informed as a result.
If a person makes up a shopping list, he will feel organized.
If a person consults the New York Times, he gets the latest news as a result.
If a person learns to be more assertive, he will feel strong.
If a person considers others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
A person goes to her son's house in order to spend time with her son.
A person sets off the alarm in order to wake up early.
If a person’s tire is punctured, he wants to fix the tire.
A person calls personX in order to be able to talk to personX.
If a person smiles while looking at others, he will feel content.
A person offers it to others in order to help PersonY.
A person takes a road trip in order to explore the world.
A person works a long time in order to earn money.
If a person enjoys a stroll, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to make good, he feels better about himself as a result.
If a person works on his own, he will feel motivated.
If a person mends a relationship, he will feel pleased.
If a person wears clean clothes, he will feel neat.
If a person attends an evening class, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person resolves, he feels good as a result.
If a person learns about others, he will feel enlightened.
If a person does some digging, he wants to get to the bottom of things.
A person calls the doctor's office in order to get an appointment.
If a person has fun on the way to visit others, he will feel content.
A person walks around town in order to be active.
If a person becomes the leader of a gang, he will feel in control.
If a person worries that it is too late, he will feel anxious.
If a person works a part-time job, he will feel busy.
If a person is not coping, he will feel worried.
If a person accepts some advice, he wants to follow the advice.
If a person gets well soon, he will feel relieved.
If a person buys a new home, he will feel happy.
A person goes to the web in order to get information.
A person changes directions in order to go to a new place.
A person cleans the room in order to be neat.
If a person provides a good example, he will feel admired.
If a person responds to changes, he learns to cope as a result.
If a person looks for information about others, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person plays football with kids, he gets to know kids as a result.
A person practices French with others in order to be able to speak French.
If a person likes this restaurant, he goes there as a result.
A person talks to her friend on the phone in order to keep in touch with her friend.
If a person listens to a favourite record, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person shows respect for others, he earns PersonY’s respect as a result.
A person wraps his arms around others in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person speaks, and no one listens, he will feel ignored.
If a person starts their own business, he wants to be a successful entrepreneur.
If a person returns to the library, he wants to read more.
If a person signs up for the class, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person heads out again in order to continue his journey.
If a person wakes up with a fever, he will feel miserable.
A person wrote to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person found a good apartment, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes things more easily, he will feel more relaxed.
If a person continues her journey, he will feel determined.
A person wants to go back home in order to be close to his family.
If a person is worried about the family, he wants to do something about it.
A person starts living in the country in order to be independent.
A person puts a hand on others's shoulder in order to support PersonY.
A person shows others what's happening in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person begins to wonder about others's whereabouts, he will feel anxious.
If a person rests at home, he will feel peaceful.
A person begins reading in order to learn.
If a person tests the computer game, he will feel interested.
If a person thinks others is overstepping, he wants to stop PersonY from overstepping.
If a person shares a special day with others, he will feel happy.
A person gives the car a wash in order to keep the car clean.
If a person enters an argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person receives flowers from a friend, he will feel touched.
If a person expands his spiritual horizons, he gains more faith as a result.
If a person completes a list, he feels accomplished as a result.
If a person likes to take photos, he wants to take photos of everything.
If a person takes the throne, he will feel confident.
A person moves away from home in order to be independent.
A person takes more college courses in order to become more educated.
If a person works on her accent, he wants to speak more clearly.
If a person knows not to lie, he tells the truth as a result.
If a person is told something unsettling, he will feel concerned.
If a person musters his courage, he will feel confident.
If a person decides to open up, he will feel hopeful.
If a person has always been well-dressed, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person always follows rules, he will feel disciplined.
A person leaves the home in order to live on his own.
If a person listens in on others’s conversation, he learns about the conversation as a result.
If a person completes assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person organizes a group of people, he will feel in charge.
If a person gets therapy, he gets better as a result.
If a person had a great time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets involved in science, he will feel inspired.
If a person takes deep breaths, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person buys someone a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel triumphant.
If a person asks others about the relatives, he learns more about PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person has a good time at the wedding, he will feel joyful.
If a person reads a great deal, he will feel entertained.
If a person is well-trained, he is successful as a result.
If a person decides to take a long rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others go on a road trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person is surprised by a cold wind, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person switches on the television, he is entertained as a result.
A person begins to play golf in order to improve his golf game.
If a person takes up painting, he will feel inspired.
If a person makes the right choice, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person wins a big contract, he will feel happy.
A person is going to check on others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds others cheating, he wants to tell PersonY to stop.
If a person thinks he hears a noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person gets married again, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a new idea, he will feel happy.
A person takes a lot of chances in order to try new things.
If a person tries to cheer others up, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person catches up on work, he will feel productive.
If a person is the victim of assault, he will feel violated.
If a person mended his ways, he is more disciplined as a result.
A person explores others's motives in order to understand PersonY.
If a person was feeling ill, he wants to feel better.
If a person recognizes that something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person pulls others close, he will feel intimate.
If a person practices to the extreme, he wants to be the best.
A person plants an herb garden in order to have fresh herbs.
A person cleans up after a neighbor in order to be a good neighbor.
If a person purchases an animal, he wants to take care of the animal.
If a person acts on an impulse, he does something wrong as a result.
If a person's life was threatened, he will feel scared.
If a person values others’s input, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person signs up for a cooking class, he will feel excited.
If a person argues with someone, he will feel upset.
If a person is tired of hearing from others, he wants to stop talking to PersonY.
If a person gains new skills, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a conscientious student, he wants to get good grades.
If a person signs up for a course, he wants to study more.
If a person is busy at work, he has a lot of work to do as a result.
If a person picks up a strange book, he will feel intrigued.
If a person has a dispute with a business partner, he will feel upset.
A person considers others’s view in order to see things from PersonY’s point of view.
If a person joins the tennis club, he gets more exercise as a result.
If a person washes his face, he will feel clean.
If a person realizes that his cousin needs help, he wants to help his cousin.
A person flies to visit someone in order to be close to someone.
A person takes her new job seriously in order to do a good job.
If a person begins to play golf, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries to help out, he will feel useful.
If a person enjoys a day at the zoo, he wants to go to the zoo again.
If a person makes others's favorite dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person leads the fundraising committee, he raises money for the club as a result.
A person types an interoffice memo in order to communicate with his colleagues.
If a person imagines himself being killed, he will feel terrified.
If a person sits back in his chair, he relaxes as a result.
If a person wails on her drum, he will feel excited.
A person reads the piece in order to understand the story.
If a person wants to build his business, he wants to work harder.
If a person spends the evening at a party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person will do something to please others, he will feel pleased.
If a person’s situation starts to get serious, he will feel anxious.
If a person signs up to a seminar, he will feel motivated.
If a person is frustrated at work, he will feel angry.
If a person experiences a tragedy, he will feel devastated.
If a person receives a threatening message, he feels afraid as a result.
If a person wins others's affection, he will feel pleased.
A person mowed the lawn in order to keep the lawn clean.
If a person has had it with personY, he wants to leave personY.
A person reads stories to her children in order to spend time with her children.
If a person is prompted to think, he will feel intrigued.
If a person likes walking in the park, he will feel peaceful.
If a person values others’s input, he wants to do what PersonY says.
A person decides to move away in order to be free.
A person spends time with her mom in order to be close to her mother.
A person goes to see Mum in order to be close to his mother.
If a person has had it with personY, he leaves personY as a result.
If a person and others enjoy the same experience, he will feel content.
A person thinks about going to the hospital in order to get better.
A person tries to crack a safe in order to find out what is in the safe.
If a person is going to visit his mother, he is happy to see his mother as a result.
If a person convinces others to join a movement, he will feel confident.
If a person commits to a cause, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to take time off, he will feel free.
If a person decides to study the data, he wants to know what the data means.
If a person finally opens up to others, he is able to express his feelings as a result.
If a person writes a list of things he wants to do, he will feel motivated.
If a person finally explains it, he will feel understood.
A person buys some items at the store in order to have things that he needs.
If a person stops giving in to peer pressure, he will feel free.
If a person is pursued by the press, he will feel harassed.
If a person makes the winning goal, he is happy as a result.
A person fulfills others's every wish in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person achieves goals, he will feel successful.
If a person continues to learn, he wants to learn more.
A person stays up late to do something in order to do something he enjoys.
A person goes on and on with the fight in order to be aggressive.
A person will take part in the protest in order to be a part of the movement.
A person starts out on foot in order to walk for exercise.
If a person studies the dossier, he will feel motivated.
A person tries to stop others from quarreling in order to avoid a fight.
A person creates a way out in order to be independent.
If a person gets his car washed, he will feel clean.
If a person plans a getaway, he will feel happy.
A person helps out in the office in order to be helpful.
If a person thinks the job is a good fit, he wants to keep the job.
If a person is indignant, he wants to fight.
If a person hangs out with a new friend, he will feel happy.
If a person runs for exercise, he will feel energized.
A person starts attending classes in order to get an education.
If a person has performed, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is collecting old newspapers, he will feel nostalgic.
A person plans to go away for a long time in order to have a change of scenery.
If a person cares about a person's job, he wants to make a person's job better.
A person is doing exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person has a bad experience, he will feel upset.
A person looks others up on the Internet in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person finds joy in life, he wants to enjoy life.
If a person practices at the piano, he is able to play the piano as a result.
If a person teaches others a new technique, he makes PersonY better as a result.
If a person performs very well, he will feel proud.
A person takes others to see a movie in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person avoids facing others in order to avoid conflict.
If a person decides to watch a movie, he will feel happy.
A person begins working in order to earn money.
If a person questions others's self, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person's career takes off, he will feel confident.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he wants to feel safe.
If a person is annoyed by others's haughtiness, he loses patience with PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to quit the job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person changes the furniture, he makes the room look better as a result.
If a person looks for it online, he will feel interested.
If a person exercises more, he will feel fit.
A person rushes to others's hospital in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person goes on a play date, he will feel happy.
If a person talks to Vicky, he gets to know Vicky as a result.
A person tastes the bread in order to see if the bread is good.
If a person approaches others on the street, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person goes to school for a degree in order to be successful.
A person reads articles and books in order to be well informed.
If a person dresses up for a fancy party, he will feel sophisticated.
A person studies a table of facts in order to remember the facts.
If a person invests money in others’s company, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person starts learning something, he will feel interested.
If a person always has something nice to say, he will feel good.
If a person is placed in solitary confinement, he will feel alone.
If a person prepares a gift for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person has fun at the party, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a bad day at work, he will feel frustrated.
If a person thinks about how others would feel, he will feel concerned.
If a person develops an attachment to others, he wants to see PersonY more often.
If a person has a broken heart, he will feel depressed.
If a person meets some people, he gets to know them as a result.
If a person prepares a list of questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person leaves the church feeling confused, he wants to understand.
If a person finds the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
A person reads the postcard in order to find out what is on the postcard.
If a person makes progress, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others get along with each other, he will feel comfortable.
If a person listens to others’s words, he wants to hear PersonY’s voice.
A person calls personA in order to talk to personA.
If a person gets the right papers, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to be a salesman, he wants to sell a lot of stuff.
If a person meets a new student, he gets to know the student as a result.
If a person and others got to know each other, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person dons a new attire, he will feel fashionable.
If a person goes to the market with others, he buys food as a result.
If a person learns how to cook, he becomes a better cook as a result.
If a person does his exercise, he will feel healthy.
A person brings about a change in others in order to make PersonY a better person.
If a person takes back a remark, he wants to make amends.
If a person and others are on the same wavelength, he will feel harmonious.
If a person thinks very carefully, he thinks of a solution as a result.
If a person is afraid of being hurt, he wants to be protected.
If a person pays attention to what others is saying, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person makes an unpleasant discovery, he feels upset as a result.
A person hits the books in order to learn more.
If a person works hard to get it, he will feel successful.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he feels better as a result.
A person drives over to others's house in order to meet PersonY.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he learns something new as a result.
A person talks to mother on the phone in order to communicate with her mother.
If a person receives a blessing, he wants to give thanks.
A person waits for his son in order to be with his son.
A person learns how to play the flute in order to be better at playing the flute.
If a person dances and sings, he will feel joyful.
If a person and others suddenly fall in love, he wants to be married.
If a person appreciates what others did, he will feel content.
A person starts the trek in order to explore the world.
If a person feels a lot better, he will feel happy.
If a person completes an agreement, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person is a little sad, he wants to feel better.
If a person learns something new, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person improves the family tree, he will feel pleased.
If a person started digging, he will feel determined.
If a person maintains his focus, he will feel calm.
If a person practices at the piano, he learns to play the piano as a result.
If a person has a pet dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
A person writes a letter to his children in order to share his experiences with his children.
A person re-reads the book in order to understand the book better.
If a person and others are disturbed, he will feel confused.
If a person is upset about this matter, he wants to talk about it.
A person reads the textbook in order to understand the material.
If a person is ready to listen, he hears what others have to say as a result.
If a person decides to stop lying, he is more honest as a result.
A person plans to leave home in order to experience life.
If a person entertains others and her friends, he is seen as a good host.
If a person and others participate in an art show, he will feel creative.
If a person found a good apartment, he is happy as a result.
If a person sets up an experiment, he wants to see the results.
A person tries to call home in order to hear from his family.
If a person sets an example for others, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person thinks the conclusion is wrong, he wants to change the conclusion.
A person makes plans for future in order to have a better future.
If a person gives others a piece of good advice, he will feel good.
If a person keeps calm and forces himself to focus, he will feel controlled.
If a person reads classic literature, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person takes refuge in the home of others, he will feel secure.
If a person takes off on the bike, he will feel excited.
If a person finally accepts others's marriage proposal, he will feel pleased.
If a person notices that the chidren are acting up, he wants to discipline the children.
If a person hears bad news, he will feel upset.
A person advertises others's brand in order to sell more of PersonY's products.
If a person is done a favor, he will feel good.
If a person tastes some of the food, he wants to eat some of the food.
If a person has a clean future, he will feel confident.
If a person begins to learn to play the violin, he improves his skills as a result.
A person makes an effort to be nice in order to be liked.
A person visits relatives in order to spend time with family.
A person attends the family reunion in order to be with his family.
A person buys a new place in order to live in a nice place.
If a person buys others a treat, he will feel happy.
If a person makes progress on her project, he will feel motivated.
If a person finished the project, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes it in stride, he feels fine as a result.
If a person gets the results, he is happy as a result.
If a person prepares to carry on with her life, he will feel confident.
If a person really tries this time, he will feel determined.
If a person suffers a big loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person feels great passion for his new career, he wants to do his job well.
If a person finds a purpose, he wants to make a difference.
If a person enlists help, he will feel supported.
A person checks on others's finances in order to be sure PersonY is financially stable.
If a person fights his shadow, he wants to defeat his shadow.
If a person was very convincing, he will feel good.
If a person lives his life to the fullest, he has a happy life as a result.
A person organizes a good party in order to be a good host.
If a person is broken hearted, he wants to cry.
If a person does not feel good, he wants to feel better.
A person has to decide what to do in a hurry in order to be decisive.
A person brings her cat to the veterinarian in order to make sure her cat is healthy.
If a person imagines himself being caught, he will feel nervous.
A person tests the engine in order to be sure the engine is working properly.
If a person has a very good relationship with others, he will feel happy.
A person walks the dog to the park in order to spend time with his dog.
A person encourages others in a fight in order to see PersonY win.
If a person finds a decent job, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to take up jogging, he will feel excited.
If a person sees a fine display, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys presents for family, he will feel happy.
If a person wins an award, he is pleased as a result.
If a person having fun in Brazil, he will feel content.
If a person makes a plan for tomorrow, he will feel motivated.
If a person collects apples, he has a large collection of apples as a result.
If a person investigates a theory, he will feel motivated.
If a person reflects on his behavior, he feels remorseful as a result.
If a person plays nice with others, he will feel kind.
A person read between the lines in order to understand the hidden meaning.
If a person attends a seminar on literature, he will feel educated.
If a person plans a great event, he will feel confident.
If a person can’t handle it, he breaks down as a result.
If a person attended a celebration, he will feel joyful.
If a person is called in to mediate, he settles the dispute as a result.
If a person investigates the box, he wants to know what's in the box.
If a person won the game, he is happy as a result.
If a person spends less money, he will feel frugal.
A person meets people at the mall in order to be social.
A person listens to others’s instructions in order to do what PersonY says.
If a person acts in a polite manner, he will feel kind.
A person invents a new communication medium in order to be able to communicate with the outside world.
If a person enacts plans, he achieves his goals as a result.
If a person fixes the situation, he will feel satisfied.
A person confronts someone in order to be assertive.
If a person tries to get a new job, he will feel determined.
If a person is motivated by her children, he wants to spend more time with her children.
If a person hits the sack, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is eventually forgiven, he will feel free.
If a person gets all dressed up, he will feel beautiful.
If a person cleans his mind, he will feel refreshed.
If a person checks out a new club, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is a hardworking individual, he will feel successful.
If a person has a lovely day, he will feel calm.
If a person is unsure of the future, he wants to know what is going to happen.
If a person becomes very good at chess, he will feel accomplished.
If a person decides to sing, he wants to sing in front of an audience.
If a person has received some important news, he is happy as a result.
If a person does something in return, he will feel good.
If a person has a negative emotional experience, he will feel frustrated.
If a person turns on all the lights, he will feel illuminated.
If a person serves in a community, he is seen as caring.
If a person is successful in an event, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person works to make money, he will feel productive.
If a person is attending school, he will feel motivated.
If a person appreciates things, he will feel content.
If a person begins studying for tomorrow's exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person swings on a swing, he will feel relaxed.
If a person stands up for self, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes a successful philosopher, he becomes a respected academic as a result.
If a person eats a very tasty dinner, he is satisfied as a result.
A person gives his wife a kiss in order to be affectionate.
A person puts his hand on the door knob in order to go out.
A person makes the correct decision in order to do the right thing.
A person invites his neighbors to dinner in order to be a good neighbor.
If a person fixes a problem, he will feel confident.
If a person hugs others warmly, he will feel content.
If a person finds a new religion, he will feel spiritual.
If a person finds others and praises them, he will feel pleased.
A person allows others to see a counselor in order PersonY to get help.
If a person argues with person Y, he will feel angry.
If a person gives her new husband a hug, he feels happy as a result.
A person follows others's instructions in order to do what PersonY says.
A person asks questions about in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person plants a vegetable garden, he will feel productive.
If a person gets back on the bike, he will feel energetic.
If a person discusses the positives and negatives, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person receives something to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gains custody of others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person starts running every day, he gets fit as a result.
If a person is pleased about the job, he wants to stay at the job.
If a person gets filthy, he is covered in dirt as a result.
If a person studies the new book, he wants to read the book.
If a person snuggles closer, he will feel comforted.
If a person senses some danger, he wants to be safe.
If a person takes care of others, he gets to spend time with PersonY as a result.
If a person suffers greatly, he will feel depressed.
If a person investigates the crime, he is seen as diligent.
If a person makes progress on her project, he will feel confident.
If a person feels that it is a great idea, he wants to go.
If a person spends time with family, he will feel happy.
If a person has a suspicion that others is cheating, he wants to prove PersonY is cheating.
A person worked hard at her job in order to be successful.
If a person chokes on something, he wants to stop choking.
If a person is injured while playing basketball, he is in pain as a result.
If a person thinks about the success of the project, he wants to make the project a success.
If a person's purpose fulfilled, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets his son back, he is happy as a result.
If a person had a great time, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person sends a Thank You card, he will feel happy.
If a person has a successful business, he will feel confident.
If a person learns how to cook, he will feel competent.
A person begins to play guitar in order to express himself.
If a person gets warm in bed, he will feel relaxed.
A person visits a spiritual leader in order to learn more about the spiritual world.
A person and others confront a bully in order to stop the bullying.
If a person succeeds in doing business, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits the archives, he learns about the past as a result.
If a person and others have a quiet day, he will feel peaceful.
If a person knows what will come, he is prepared as a result.
If a person is attacked and injured, he is taken to the hospital as a result.
If a person and others go grocery shopping together, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person studies to get a degree, he will feel intelligent.
A person volunteers to do the work in order to help the group.
A person organizes a clean-up day in order to help the environment.
If a person signs up for a swim team, he gets into shape as a result.
A person is on his way in order to arrive at the destination.
If a person does the housework, he gets the house clean as a result.
A person meets with others’s mother in order to talk to PersonY’s mother.
If a person decides on an exciting vacation, he enjoys the trip as a result.
If a person wins a writing contest, he will feel accomplished.
A person buys presents for family in order to show his love for his family.
If a person and others go out for lunch, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person talks a lot, he gets a reputation for being a chatterbox as a result.
If a person researches an old book, he wants to learn more about the book.
A person sticks to his beliefs in order to be true to himself.
A person tries to talk about the problem in order to resolve the problem.
If a person values others’s ideas, he wants to give PersonY credit.
If a person thinks he is onto something, he will feel excited.
A person gets on the computer in order to look for information.
A person gets others to quit smoking in order to save PersonY from a bad habit.
If a person earns a chance, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has bad times, he will feel unhappy.
If a person is in a position of trust, he will feel secure.
A person takes a vacation in the tropics in order to be in a new environment.
A person thinks about what might have happened in order to understand what happened.
If a person learns to put on disguises, he is able to act as a result.
A person thinks over things in order to understand what is going on.
If a person is a competent friend, he is liked by others as a result.
A person teaches others to write in order to help PersonY.
A person writes a newspaper article in order to express his ideas.
If a person watches a show, he will feel amused.
If a person works out in a gym, he is seen as athletic.
If a person learns from his mistakes, he will feel wise.
If a person receives some info, he learns more about the situation as a result.
If a person writes a well-received screenplay, he will feel accomplished.
A person decides not to think about a delicate subject in order to avoid an emotional situation.
If a person gets tickets to a Broadway show, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets a well-paying job, he will feel successful.
If a person decides to do a good deed, he will feel happy.
If a person is in the worst possible situation, he wants to get out of this situation.
If a person is confident in winning the competition, he will feel happy.
A person reads his friend’s writing in order to understand his friend.
A person thinks of working from home in order to be independent.
If a person knows there is trouble, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person starts making the cake, he will feel creative.
If a person learns how to play cards, he will feel competent.
If a person receives a blow, he is upset as a result.
A person gives a shout-out to others in order to support PersonY.
If a person gets good marks, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes insulted, he becomes angry as a result.
If a person negotiates a peace, he will feel calm.
A person goes in to others's office in order to meet PersonY.
If a person orders a take-out dinner, he will feel fed.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he is happy as a result.
A person joins others’s activity in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others goes to the gym, he and PersonY get fit as a result.
A person cooks food for others in order to help PersonY.
A person practices every day in order to be a good musician.
A person turns on the telephone in order to speak to someone.
A person continues working in order to make money.
If a person doesn't understand what's going on, he will feel confused.
If a person vomits, he wants to stop vomiting.
A person decides to talk in order to be able to share his thoughts.
A person talks to her friend on the phone in order to stay in touch with her friend.
If a person continues to relax, he will feel content.
If a person uses her powers for good, he will feel empowered.
A person learns new foreign language in order to be fluent in a new language.
If a person lets his mind wander, he becomes distracted as a result.
If a person hears sounds coming from somewhere, he wants to know where the sounds are coming from.
A person sends money to his son in order to help his son.
If a person made a grave mistake, he has to apologize as a result.
If a person begins to fly, he will feel in control.
If a person succeeds to the throne, he will feel powerful.
If a person visits the circus, he has a good time as a result.
If a person keeps doing others's chores, he is seen as obedient.
If a person can't handle it any more, he wants to give up.
If a person enjoys her cup of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person fears a violent act, he wants to feel safe.
If a person has an important business deal, he wants to make a profit.
If a person makes progress, he is happy as a result.
If a person meets a good guy, he has a good time as a result.
If a person reasons with someone, he will feel rational.
If a person holds his ground, he will feel courageous.
If a person plans a project, he will feel organized.
If a person enjoys his father's company, he will feel content.
If a person drinks more than the required amount, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person tries new food, he wants to eat food that is new to him.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he will feel nervous.
If a person chooses an outfit, he looks good as a result.
If a person devises a new game, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a comfortable life, he will feel secure.
If a person subscribes to a magazine, he is entertained as a result.
If a person decides on the best course of action, he will feel decisive.
If a person begins to feel trapped, he will feel anxious.
If a person is jogging outside, he will feel energetic.
If a person finds a nice present, he is happy as a result.
If a person attempts to type, he wants to type correctly.
A person proceeds to the family dinner in order to see his family.
If a person works out in the backyard, he will feel fit.
If a person settles on a solution, he will feel satisfied.
A person brushes their teeth in order to be clean.
If a person tries to meditate, he relaxes as a result.
If a person finally accepts others's marriage proposal, he will feel happy.
If a person comes to an understanding, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person takes good care of her body, he will feel confident.
If a person drives to the gym, he wants to be fit.
A person is on a one-person mission in order to do something on her own.
If a person regrets a mistake, he wants to do better.
If a person is in the middle of a deal, he is making money as a result.
A person is learning French in order to be fluent in French.
If a person completes school, he will feel accomplished.
A person writes a letter to his wife in order to express his love.
If a person leads a quality life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person talks to her son, he has a good conversation with her son as a result.
If a person pays attention to details, he will feel responsible.
If a person explores a new idea, he wants to keep exploring.
If a person seems to have a plan, he will feel hopeful.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he will feel organized.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes the correct decision, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a professional storyteller, he has an audience as a result.
If a person makes good time in traveling, he will feel successful.
If a person gets glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person puts his trust in God, he wants to do what God wants.
If a person raises money for the church, he will feel responsible.
If a person builds up business success, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person grasps an opportunity, he wants to get ahead.
If a person and others keep in touch, he will feel connected.
If a person dislikes certain places, he wants to avoid those places.
If a person turns his body towards others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person finishes a manuscript, he will feel accomplished.
If a person starts enjoying a rock concert, he is moved by the music as a result.
If a person gives others a nice present, he will feel good.
If a person continues working hard, he will feel determined.
If a person outwits his enemy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person goes out for a long time, he will feel happy.
If a person makes the effort, he wants to succeed.
A person decided to confront others in order to tell PersonY how he feels.
If a person keeps the house tidy, he will feel satisfied.
If a person achieves something he had been aiming for, he will feel happy.
If a person practices mindfulness, he will feel calm.
If a person slays the dragon, he will feel triumphant.
If a person was alone, he was lonely as a result.
A person teaches others how to surf in order to help PersonY.
If a person is recognized as an expert, he will feel respected.
If a person decided to take up swimming, he gets fit as a result.
If a person feels something strange, he wants to know what it is.
A person works a 7-day week in order to be productive.
If a person cares deeply about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person cares for others’s feelings, he wants to see PersonY happy.
A person reads about the letter in order to know what the letter says.
If a person enjoys a long walk, he wants to walk for miles.
If a person allows himself to be injured, he is in pain as a result.
A person performs in the community in order to help others.
If a person tries to care about others, he is kind to others as a result.
If a person finds himself a wife, he will feel loved.
If a person likes to go out, he goes out with friends as a result.
A person looks others up on the internet in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person turns away from sin, he wants to live a life of holiness.
If a person has an emergency, he wants to go to the hospital.
If a person gets tickets to the concert, he will feel delighted.
If a person finally cooks a meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person lands a spot on the "best" team, he will feel pleased.
If a person sees new possibilities, he will feel hopeful.
A person runs to her friend's house in order to be there for her friend.
A person does more around the house in order to help out.
A person signed a pledge in order to keep his word.
If a person investigates a sound, he wants to find out what it is.
A person presses forward in order to reach a goal.
If a person thinks of a trick, he will feel clever.
If a person studies a subject, he will feel challenged.
If a person cooks delicious food, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns new techniques, he wants to master the techniques.
If a person discovers a new training technique, he will feel motivated.
If a person dislikes snakes, he wants to get rid of snakes.
If a person takes a stand for the truth, he will feel brave.
If a person shows a really good score on the practice test, he will feel pleased.
A person begins to miss home in order to be with his family.
If a person enjoys playing with others, he is good at playing with PersonY as a result.
If a person gets ready for a journey, he will feel excited.
If a person makes a good point, he will feel confident.
A person writes letters to the newspaper in order to express her opinion.
If a person gets a hug from others, he feels loved as a result.
If a person overcomes evil with good, he will feel victorious.
If a person buys clothing, he is dressed nicely as a result.
If a person ate dinner, he will feel full.
If a person is exposed as a slacker, he is embarrassed as a result.
If a person moves into a luxurious home, he is pleased with his new home as a result.
If a person is already taking steps to solve the problem, he is able to solve the problem as a result.
A person goes to the ocean in order to feel the ocean.
If a person has grown, he will feel confident.
A person walks along the beach in order to be in nature.
If a person does something right, he will feel proud.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person reads books about Proust, he is able to understand Proust as a result.
If a person turns on the TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person does something rash, he regrets his actions as a result.
A person reads the ad again in order to know what the ad says.
If a person switches on the TV, he is entertained as a result.
If a person helps to load a small flat-bed trailer, he will feel productive.
If a person acquires knowledge, he is better informed as a result.
If a person studies extra hard, he will feel determined.
If a person enrolls in a writing class, he will feel excited.
If a person buys a car, he will feel pleased.
A person is talking to others on the phone in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person agrees with his wife, he will feel content.
If a person gets a new dress, he feels pretty as a result.
If a person is successful in an event, he gets a trophy as a result.
If a person investigates a secret hideaway, he wants to find out what's there.
If a person writes a good script, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads a new book, he learns something new as a result.
A person encourages others to risk in order to see PersonY try new things.
If a person manages to show how it works, he is seen as smart.
If a person hurts his hand, he is in pain as a result.
A person signs up to a seminar in order to learn something new.
A person invites others to the house in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person places a telephone call in order to be in touch with the outside world.
If a person always tries to say the right thing, he is seen as considerate.
A person looks at an equation in order to understand the equation.
If a person begins to learn to play the violin, he improves his musical skills as a result.
If a person designs a useful device, he will feel pleased.
If a person stops the car for a rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes up running, he gets fit as a result.
If a person struggles with his work, he will feel stressed.
If a person helps a friend in need, he will feel helpful.
If a person goes for a morning jog, he gets a workout as a result.
If a person is bothered by a criminal, he wants to find the criminal.
If a person studies hard, he will feel challenged.
If a person writes a bestselling book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person tries to get on with others, he wants to be friends with PersonY.
A person and others agree on a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person organizes a celebration, he will feel proud.
If a person shares class notes with others, he learns from PersonY as a result.
If a person pays close attention, he wants to learn more.
If a person falls on his back, he is injured as a result.
If a person keeps moving forward, he will feel motivated.
If a person keeps a cool head, he will feel calm.
If a person agrees to it, he will feel pleased.
A person sends a message to others in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person reconnects with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person decides to pursue academic studies in order to be successful.
If a person works really hard, he wants to be the best.
A person travels to a new location in order to explore new places.
If a person learns new dance steps, he is a better dancer as a result.
If a person tries a new method, he wants to use the new method.
If a person wins the medal, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks everything will be all right, he will feel relaxed.
If a person delivers a talk, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person receives a mysterious note, he will feel curious.
If a person plays his first video game, he will feel interested.
If a person is hard at work, he is successful as a result.
If a person is able to help out, he will feel useful.
If a person struggles to keep going, he will feel exhausted.
If a person is in great shape, he will feel confident.
If a person turns the tables on others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person slays the ogre, he will feel triumphant.
If a person reflects on events of the day, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person gets new information, he will feel curious.
A person says something on the phone in order to communicate with someone.
If a person grows fonder of others, he wants to see PersonY more often.
If a person and others go to the show, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person helps his sister, he will feel good.
A person thinks about his work in order to be productive.
If a person speaks of personal growth, he feels better about himself as a result.
A person continues his adventure in order to discover new things.
If a person starts dating a girl, he will feel happy.
If a person is a role model, he inspires others as a result.
If a person finishes his quest, he will feel satisfied.
If a person begins to doubt herself, he will feel upset.
If a person finds a moment to relax, he will feel happy.
If a person lives a drama-free life, he will feel content.
If a person has a good life again, he will feel content.
If a person acquires a new pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person becomes really successful, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets accepted to the best university, he wants to stay in school.
If a person finishes schoolwork, he will feel accomplished.
If a person plans an adventure, he will feel excited.
If a person receives great service, he will feel appreciated.
If a person does not feel very comfortable, he wants to feel more comfortable.
If a person agrees to others's offer, he will feel satisfied.
A person is in therapy in order to improve his life.
If a person helps for a moment, he will feel useful.
If a person examines her reasons for getting angry, he will feel curious.
If a person demonstrates expertise, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys another night with a friend, he will feel happy.
If a person dances on a stage, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to heal, he will feel peaceful.
A person tries to buy the family a house in order to give the family a better life.
If a person took the job, he will feel happy.
A person plays with others's son in order to spend time with PersonY's son.
A person does a course in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person studies an advanced topic, he will feel intelligent.
If a person has the good life, he will feel happy.
A person studies a subject in order to be better at the subject.
If a person provides a positive example for society, he will feel admired.
If a person practices meditation, he becomes more relaxed as a result.
If a person is treated as a human being, he feels appreciated as a result.
If a person worries for the kids, he wants to help the kids.
A person moves from one town to another in order to be in a new place.
A person takes his job more seriously in order to be a better employee.
If a person made a welcome speech, he will feel happy.
If a person has his own standards, he will feel independent.
A person tries to evade people in order to be left alone.
A person tends others's flowers in order to help PersonY.
A person tells others his view in order to make PersonY understand his point of view.
If a person tries a new snack food, he likes the snack food as a result.
A person gets the ball rolling in order to get things done.
If a person musters up the courage to say something, he will feel confident.
If a person receives the good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person acquires a new pet, he will feel pleased.
A person is a good gardener in order to make his garden beautiful.
A person tries to reach for others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person receives a hard blow, he is bruised as a result.
If a person watches a comedy show, he will feel entertained.
If a person begins to relax, he feels better as a result.
If a person gets an accident, he is injured as a result.
A person checks out others’s background in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person regrets his rashness, he wants to avoid rashness.
If a person says a blessing over dinner, he will feel spiritual.
A person introduces others to Christianity in order to show PersonY the right path.
If a person takes a quiet walk, he will feel calm.
If a person looks it up, he will feel interested.
If a person goes on the picnic, he enjoys the picnic as a result.
A person is a self-made man in order to be independent.
If a person is having a cup of tea, he will feel warm.
If a person is a well-balanced person, he will feel content.
A person quickly runs into a store in order to get something quickly.
If a person buys a new bike, he is happy as a result.
A person sits down and relaxes in order to be at peace.
If a person decides to have a cold shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person has a successful project, he will feel pleased.
A person offers a service in order to help people.
If a person takes a night course, he will feel challenged.
If a person sits and rests, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has good dreams, he will feel relaxed.
A person treats others to a birthday meal in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person tries for it, he will feel determined.
If a person hesitates for a while, he will feel uncertain.
If a person sometimes walks to work, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person knows how to choose clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person says a pleasant goodbye to others, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a great decision, he will feel proud.
If a person enjoys some good food, he will feel full.
If a person makes a full report, he is seen as honest.
If a person investigates something, he learns something as a result.
If a person uses this opportunity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person practises being tough, he will feel cool.
If a person studies different opinions, he will feel curious.
If a person gets a nice invitation, he is happy as a result.
If a person sweats and trembles, he will feel scared.
If a person becomes mature, he will feel calm.
If a person thinks about how to act, he wants to act differently.
If a person relaxes on the weekend, he will feel at peace.
A person begins to do something in order to begin a new task.
If a person finds a mate, he is happy as a result.
A person asks questions of others in order to learn more about PersonY.
A person tries to build something in order to be creative.
If a person questions everything, he will feel uncertain.
A person checks out the bridge in order to learn more about the bridge.
If a person gets his girlfriend back, he will feel happy.
A person encourages others's passion in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person enacts plans, he will feel competent.
A person contacts others's family in order to keep PersonY's family updated.
If a person spends time with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person has too much on their plate, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person faces a new problem, he will feel uncertain.
If a person beats others in the race, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he is able to solve problems as a result.
If a person accepts the information, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sorts out the mess, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds success, he will feel proud.
If a person acts quickly and wisely, he will feel confident.
If a person looks up to it, he will feel inspired.
A person leaves town for a while in order to go to a new place.
If a person worries about a relapse, he wants to stay clean.
If a person opens up a little more, he will feel comfortable.
If a person's mother makes breakfast, he has a good breakfast as a result.
If a person overhears noises, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person learns from past mistakes, he wants to avoid making the same mistakes again.
If a person makes others a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to stick to her beliefs, he will feel confident.
A person and others vacation on a beach in order to relax and PersonY wants to enjoy the beach.
If a person gets close to his family, he will feel secure.
If a person arranges something, he will feel pleased.
A person writes a love note to others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person has been working hard in order to be successful.
If a person walks into fire, he gets burned as a result.
If a person practices his photography, he will feel creative.
A person visits the police in order to see if the police can help him.
If a person takes up skating, he will feel excited.
If a person provides a legal testimony, he is seen as credible.
A person walks to a friend’s house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person proves himself, he will feel good.
If a person has had enough of this, he wants to quit.
If a person asks for advice from others, he is helped by PersonY as a result.
If a person rises up, he gets promoted as a result.
A person confides in her therapist in order to talk about her problems.
If a person puts in an application, he wants to be hired.
A person lets others know about plans in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person is dead broke, he will feel desperate.
If a person works for fun, he will feel content.
If a person was attacked, he is injured as a result.
A person creates a new life for herself in order to be independent.
If a person goes on vacation with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person gives others a high five, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others decide to do something together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person smashes the competition, he will feel triumphant.
A person gets therapy in order to be well.
If a person takes a jog, he will feel fit.
A person finds better ways to improve in order to be more efficient.
If a person gets back in shape, he feels better as a result.
If a person arrives at the playground, he plays with the other children as a result.
If a person has a falling out, he will feel hurt.
If a person has a respectable position, he is respected by his colleagues as a result.
A person cleans out 's room in order to get rid of clutter.
If a person finds something odd, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person gets back on the horse, he will feel hopeful.
If a person gets someone to lend a hand, he will feel supported.
If a person listens to the teacher, he will feel obedient.
If a person reads novels on the phone, he will feel entertained.
If a person always keeps a set schedule, he will feel reliable.
If a person does good deeds, he will feel happy.
If a person performs a deed, he will feel good.
If a person overcomes his pain, he will feel victorious.
If a person reads some books, he will feel curious.
A person helps others to resist in order to help PersonY to be stronger.
If a person puts in a good word for others, he will feel good.
If a person has a bitter argument with others, he becomes upset as a result.
A person tells others what she did in order to tell PersonY the truth.
A person plans to buy something for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person follows a rule, he will feel disciplined.
If a person signs up for MMA classes, he wants to be a fighter.
If a person is offered a great job, he wants to accept the job.
A person hangs out with other people in order to be social.
If a person gets to the theater, he sees a play as a result.
A person heads out on the town in order to be social.
A person goes to the nearby store in order to get something.
If a person arrives at the correct decision, he will feel satisfied.
If a person trains at the gym, he is seen as athletic.
A person continues his adventure in order to see what's next.
A person reads the articles in order to understand the articles.
A person cooks for his family in order to spend time with his family.
A person and others talk about their views in order to know PersonY's opinion.
A person takes others away from work in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person chooses the menu in order to choose the best menu.
If a person considers others a threat, he wants to eliminate PersonY.
If a person values others’s advice, he listens to PersonY as a result.
If a person has more than enough food, he is full as a result.
If a person looks up information, he learns something as a result.
A person calls PersonZ in order to talk to PersonZ.
A person sends out a message in order to spread the word.
A person goes to group therapy in order to get better.
A person attends to the needs of others in order to be helpful.
If a person prepares for the next step, he will feel determined.
If a person approaches a health problem, he wants to see a doctor.
A person organizes a family reunion in order to be close to his family.
If a person is incredibly stressed, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person has money and spends it wisely, he will feel satisfied.
A person offers a truce in order to avoid a war.
If a person works harder than ever, he wants to be the best.
A person goes on a mountain hike in order to be in nature.
A person prepares to leave the place in order to get away from the situation.
A person takes a walk down the street in order to get some fresh air.
If a person builds a big business, he will feel confident.
If a person suffers a cataclysmic loss, he is devastated as a result.
If a person sings along to songs, he will feel excited.
A person requests access to others's medical records in order to be informed about PersonY's health.
If a person hears an interesting story, he is entertained as a result.
If a person reunites with Logan, he will feel happy.
If a person and others trade information, he and PersonY learn more about each other as a result.
If a person starts therapy, he will feel comfortable.
A person reaches out to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is enjoying life now, he wants to keep enjoying life.
If a person learns a new technique, he improves his technique as a result.
If a person is getting better, he will feel happy.
If a person buys some new clothes, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds an unlocked door, he wants to open the door.
If a person takes photographs, he develops his photography skills as a result.
If a person concentrates, he will feel determined.
If a person goes to a good restaurant, he enjoys the meal as a result.
If a person proves to be an excellent guide, he earns a good reputation as a result.
If a person is diagnosed with a serious illness, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person dresses up for the big day, he will feel beautiful.
If a person becomes aware of danger, he will feel anxious.
If a person resumes studying, he will feel motivated.
If a person reads more books, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person plays the major role, he will feel successful.
If a person plays with others's dogs, he learns to play with dogs as a result.
A person reaches the store before it closes in order to get something before it closes.
If a person negotiates to stay, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins a guild, he gets to know other players as a result.
If a person has troubles, he will feel stressed.
If a person grinds into gear, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person finishes a task, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others get dressed, he will feel ready.
A person is a hardworking individual in order to be a productive member of society.
If a person is able to rest, he feels better as a result.
A person practices a language in order to improve his language skills.
A person washes car in order to get the car clean.
A person practices solving problems in order to be a good problem solver.
A person escapes the angry mob in order to avoid a violent confrontation.
If a person visits a counselor, he gets help as a result.
A person heads out to the party in order to have fun.
If a person walks briskly, he will feel energetic.
A person sends what others needs in order to help PersonY.
If a person tells of great plans, he will feel confident.
If a person gets past that pain, he will feel at peace.
If a person is in good form, he will feel confident.
If a person volunteers to be a sports coach, he teaches the kids to play as a result.
If a person eats dinner with the family, he will feel connected.
If a person realizes that he or she is wrong, he apologizes as a result.
If a person and others goes to the gym, he and PersonY become fit as a result.
If a person rereads a book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person sets out for adventure, he will feel inspired.
If a person cooks an amazing meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to train martial arts, he gets into shape as a result.
If a person wins a bicycle race, he will feel pleased.
If a person grows to maturity, he becomes a responsible adult as a result.
If a person works on his thesis, he will feel focused.
A person holds down a job in order to earn money.
If a person and others work well together, he will feel competent.
If a person begins to feel confident, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys a tasty treat, he will feel content.
A person connects to the Internet in order to communicate with the world.
If a person has his green suit cleaned, he will feel clean.
If a person sees new possibilities, he will feel excited.
If a person and others has an accident, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person backs up his claim, he will feel justified.
If a person feels offended, he wants to apologize.
If a person becomes a big success, he will feel proud.
A person avoids falling down in order to avoid a serious injury.
A person considers moving out in order to be independent.
A person looks at others’s equipment in order to understand PersonY’s equipment.
If a person and others are scared, he will feel anxious.
A person sticks with the same routine in order to be consistent.
If a person puts things in perspective, he will feel wise.
A person starts out on foot in order to get a head start.
If a person passes the course, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds in her scheme, he will feel pleased.
A person finds a part time job in order to make money.
A person looks for his or her pet in order to be able to see his or her pet.
If a person, others and PersonZ are good friends, he wants to hang out with PersonY and PersonZ.
A person reads this sentence in order to understand the meaning of the sentence.
If a person takes a chance, he wants to try something new.
If a person has good fashion sense, he will feel beautiful.
If a person solves a difficult problem, he will feel happy.
If a person has had a bad night, he is sad as a result.
If a person keeps his head up, he will feel confident.
A person keeps visiting with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person opens an e-mail address in order to communicate with other people.
If a person carries out others's orders, he will feel obedient.
If a person works on something at home, he will feel productive.
If a person responds to others's difficulties, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person does a wrong thing, he will feel guilty.
If a person begins a new conversation, he wants to get to know someone.
A person practices cooking in order to be a good cook.
If a person does her best work, he will feel confident.
A person continues with the plan in order to finish the plan.
If a person gets that new job, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks of something new, he wants to try it.
If a person finds a puzzle, he wants to solve it.
If a person finds a guru, he gets enlightened as a result.
If a person wants to be an actress, he wants to study acting.
If a person expects a new promotion, he will feel hopeful.
A person plays with the ducklings in order to spend time with the ducklings.
A person tries to do the job in order to be good at his job.
If a person orders something, he will feel in control.
If a person takes on others’s problems, he wants to solve PersonY’s problems.
If a person keeps his promise, he will feel good.
If a person learns to be alone, he will feel calm.
If a person got the last word, he will feel superior.
If a person spends time with her parents, he gets along with her parents as a result.
If a person checks in at the health club, he will feel fit.
If a person has finished singing a song, he will feel accomplished.
If a person worries about his daughter, he wants to take care of his daughter.
A person gives a talk at the local school in order to share his knowledge.
A person starts to make phone calls in order to talk to people.
If a person plays a radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person was successful, he will feel happy.
A person looks it up on his computer in order to find out more about the topic.
A person remembers not to talk during the service in order to respect the service.
If a person picked a nice place to live, he will feel happy.
If a person takes his bath, he will feel clean.
A person submits a report in order to complete a task.
A person follows up on the patient in order to make sure the patient is okay.
If a person goes to the drug store, he buys medication as a result.
A person buys her parents a gift in order to make her parents happy.
If a person devotes time to some friends, he will feel happy.
If a person saves the day at work, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a way to save the day, he will feel pleased.
If a person is remorseful, he wants to make amends.
A person keeps practicing in order to improve.
If a person is involved in a drive-by shooting, he is injured as a result.
If a person stands up to the bully, he will feel brave.
A person studies every day in order to succeed in school.
A person works on project for others in order to help PersonY.
A person skips to others's side in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person sleeps for long periods, he sleeps more soundly as a result.
If a person decides to go on vacation, he will feel relaxed.
A person asks a series of questions in order to understand a situation.
If a person considers the other person’s needs, he wants to help the other person.
If a person and others have fun in school, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
A person reads a bedtime story to others in order to help PersonY fall asleep.
If a person learns to protect himself, he gets better at fighting as a result.
If a person buries the evil, he will feel victorious.
If a person and others go to see an exhibition, he and PersonY enjoy the exhibition as a result.
If a person stands up to the captain, he will feel brave.
If a person changes his attitude toward work, he wants to be a better worker.
If a person has a fun idea, he wants to run with the idea.
If a person takes up new employment, he will feel confident.
If a person makes plans to attend the ball, he will feel excited.
If a person learns to have fun, he will feel energized.
If a person finds out the right way, he will feel victorious.
If a person is now in charge, he will feel competent.
If a person has an interesting idea, he wants to pursue the idea.
If a person is in great danger, he will feel frightened.
If a person tries to forgive others, he is not angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person declares it to be acceptable, he will feel pleased.
If a person's life changes for the better, he will feel pleased.
If a person is inspired to dance, he will feel thrilled.
If a person takes up new employment, he will feel content.
If a person applies for the position, he gets the job as a result.
If a person insists on doing everything right, he is a perfectionist as a result.
If a person takes up jogging, he will feel excited.
If a person is made aware of his own idiocy, he will feel foolish.
A person tried to communicate with others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person has a tough time, he will feel upset.
If a person wins others back, he will feel pleased.
If a person thanks a partner, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels that something is missing, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person's wish comes true, he will feel happy.
A person puts on clothing in order to be warm.
A person defends himself against the police in order to be able to speak freely.
If a person is a volunteer, he will feel helpful.
A person goes to an exhibition in order to see the work of other artists.
If a person seeks spiritual help, he wants to get better.
If a person gets attacked on the street, he is injured as a result.
If a person is well received, he will feel pleased.
If a person is in control of the situation, he is successful as a result.
If a person picks out her outfit, he is satisfied with her outfit as a result.
A person goes into deep meditation in order to be more spiritual.
If a person drinks alone, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person works very hard on an essay, he wants to finish the essay.
A person fills out the forms in order to complete the task.
If a person knocks on others’s door, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is given a surprise party, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets on with her work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes others out for the night, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person and others hit the ground running, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person is successful in school, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person is intrigued, he decides to read the book as a result.
If a person has a miserable morning, he is upset as a result.
If a person learns to play tennis, he improves his game as a result.
If a person reads about history, he wants to learn more about history.
If a person engages in intellectual dialogue, he will feel interested.
If a person sits back and listens, he will feel interested.
If a person makes many plans, he will feel determined.
If a person found a new job, he earns more money as a result.
If a person settles down to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person is prepared to study, he will feel determined.
If a person reaches a conclusion, he wants to share his conclusions.
If a person talks to the kids, he has a nice conversation with the kids as a result.
If a person meets the right people, he will feel respected.
If a person is sorry about it, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets the cure, he will feel relieved.
A person hopes to return home soon in order to see his family.
If a person organizes for the trip, he will feel in control.
A person works hard on the project in order to get the project done.
If a person listens to country music, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts a new habit, he wants to keep it up.
If a person puts himself in charge, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets others's absence, he wants to see PersonY.
If a person has many conflicts, he will feel upset.
If a person sees a good show, he will feel amused.
If a person gets ready to do the exercises, he will feel motivated.
A person suddenly asks others to stay for dinner in order to be able to spend time with PersonY.
If a person feels great about others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person tends the pigeons in order to keep the pigeons happy.
If a person returns to the doctor, he wants to get better.
A person plays in the nearby park in order to be outside.
If a person finds a lovely spot, he will feel content.
A person makes a strong effort in order to get better.
If a person gets comfortable in the chair, he will feel content.
If a person decided to go to college, he wants to study more.
If a person and others make dinner together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person does it in a way that suits others, he will feel pleased.
A person asked for directions in order to be able to find his way.
A person begins piano lessons in order to learn a new skill.
A person learns to play tennis in order to be good at tennis.
If a person starts to meditate, he is calmer as a result.
A person finally opens up to others in order to be honest with PersonY.
If a person sings his heart out, he will feel happy.
If a person works on himself, he wants to get stronger.
A person puts a sweater on others in order to make PersonY warm.
A person put on a skirt in order to look more feminine.
If a person goes to his favorite restaurant, he will feel happy.
If a person joins an exercise class, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a miserable holiday, he will feel frustrated.
A person puts an end to a quarrel in order to make peace.
If a person watches an action movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets the sense that something is wrong, he wants to investigate.
A person decides to go somewhere else in order to explore.
A person pays attention to person’s needs in order to help people.
A person takes care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person rushes to an appointment in order to be on time.
If a person regrets having done it, he wants to forget it.
If a person is having a bad day, he is frustrated as a result.
If a person accepts an offer to go on a trip, he will feel happy.
If a person carries on laughing, he will feel joyful.
If a person parks in the wrong place, he wants to park in the right place.
A person works hard in school in order to get good grades.
If a person takes steps to improve his image, he wants to be seen as a good person.
If a person ends the year on a high note, he will feel proud.
If a person goes away on a long trip, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a useful discovery, he wants to share his discovery.
If a person won others's parents' respect, he has a good relationship with PersonY's parents as a result.
If a person has a chance to prove his point, he gets his point across as a result.
If a person plans to dance, he will feel energized.
If a person gets tortured, he will feel distressed.
If a person spends the day in a movie theater, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets good news, he will feel happy.
A person spends the evening with his friends in order to have fun.
A person tends to his garden in order to make his garden beautiful.
If a person has a delicious breakfast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is not happy with what they accomplished, he wants to change the situation.
If a person gives an eloquent speech, he will feel powerful.
If a person must live up to his words, he wants to do his best.
If a person performs a service, he is thanked by his client as a result.
If a person decides that this approach might work, he wants to see what happens.
A person reads daily in order to stay informed.
A person asks in order to get an answer.
A person calls others’s number in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person is working at a job, he will feel productive.
If a person overworks, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person gets the bad news, he will feel disappointed.
If a person grows irritated, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person is very friendly, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person seems to have trouble understanding, he will feel confused.
If a person digs into personY's arguments, he wants to know what personY is thinking.
If a person feels miserable, he wants to feel better.
If a person makes a gourmet meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has an interesting conversation, he is glad he talked to the person as a result.
A person admits his feelings in order to be honest.
If a person lies down next to others, he wants to be close to PersonY.
A person switches on the lights in order to make the room brighter.
If a person and others engage in an argument, he will feel angry.
A person rushes off to the airport in order to be ready for a trip.
If a person buys this book, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes care of her daughter, he is seen as a good mother.
If a person accepts the gift, he will feel thankful.
If a person goes to an X-mas party, he will feel festive.
A person tries to speak a language in order to be able to communicate with others.
If a person encounters others at church, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person is self-employed, he will feel independent.
If a person does some experimenting, he will feel creative.
If a person respects others’s preferences, he does not criticize PersonY as a result.
A person plans to go to the beach in order to relax.
A person checks the entranceway in order to make sure the entranceway is safe.
If a person is a hermit, he will feel isolated.
If a person takes the bold step, he wants to try something new.
If a person gets rewarded for it, he will feel pleased.
If a person has the numbers, he will feel in control.
If a person is breaking things, he is getting in trouble as a result.
If a person takes in a baseball game, he will feel amused.
A person participates in the arts in order to be a part of the arts.
If a person finally gets some action, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances to a waltz, he will feel relaxed.
A person gives the car back in order to give the car back to its owner.
If a person is easily offended, he gets angry as a result.
If a person puts his plan into action, he will feel determined.
If a person eats a healthy dinner, he will feel full.
If a person is watching a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others walk down the road, he wants to get some exercise.
If a person studies to pass a class, he passes the class as a result.
If a person puts on a brave face, he will feel strong.
If a person takes the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person receives great service, he is pleased with the service as a result.
A person buys the dog in order to take care of the dog.
If a person feels that someone is looking for , he becomes paranoid as a result.
A person reads a guidebook in order to learn more about a place.
If a person takes on a new mission, he wants to complete the mission.
If a person reads an inspiring book, he will feel happy.
If a person puts on his jacket, he will feel comfortable.
If a person uses others as a confidant, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person becomes a victim of violence, he feels pain as a result.
A person undergoes a therapy in order to improve his life.
If a person finds a chemical-free detergent, he will feel clean.
A person took a shower in order to feel clean.
If a person is threatened by personY, he will feel afraid.
If a person thinks that others is right, he decides to do what PersonY says as a result.
If a person checks out the tombstones, he will feel interested.
If a person keeps its cool, he will feel calm.
A person puts all the animals in the same cage in order to keep the animals together.
If a person identifies a house-design flaw, he wants to fix the flaw.
If a person recognizes her mistake, he wants to fix her mistake.
If a person crosses a finish line, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a quick drink at the bar, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel content.
If a person thought about what to say, he wants to be able to talk.
If a person feels like having a quiet evening, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes control of the situation, he wants to make the situation better.
A person tests it in order to make sure it works.
If a person is going to prove himself, he will feel confident.
A person goes to a protest in order to be involved in the community.
If a person gets more practice, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person has a clash, he will feel angry.
A person remains by others's side in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person goes back to old home, he will feel nostalgic.
A person checks on the status of others in order to be sure PersonY is okay.
If a person discovers a talent, he wants to use that talent.
A person works on his term paper in order to finish his term paper.
If a person's business takes off, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts watching television, he will feel entertained.
A person decides to take action in order to make a change.
If a person finds a new instrument, he will feel pleased.
If a person is sorry for a wrong action, he wants to make amends.
If a person performs public service, he is thanked by the community as a result.
A person announces her departure in order to move on.
A person puts on some clothes in order to look presentable.
If a person thinks of something nice to say, he will feel happy.
If a person started cooking, he became a good cook as a result.
If a person has a facelift, he will feel pleased.
If a person resolves the issue, he will feel confident.
If a person decided to take a break, he is rested as a result.
If a person watches others’s kids, he gets to know PersonY’s kids as a result.
If a person leaves the church feeling confused, he wants to know what to do.
If a person finds fault with the report, he wants to change the report.
If a person ate something unhealthy, he will feel sick.
A person makes their first recording in order to get into the music industry.
If a person finished the project, he will feel accomplished.
A person gets into the gym in order to be healthy.
If a person was angry at the secretary, he wants to yell at the secretary.
If a person remembers others’s needs, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person leaves on her own, he will feel free.
If a person is surrounded by their friends, he will feel secure.
If a person takes an adventure, he will feel happy.
A person tries to reach out to others in order to make friends.
If a person is hit by a ball, he will feel in pain.
If a person obtains help from others, he will feel supported.
If a person and others settle the dispute, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does not like the CD player, he wants to replace the CD player.
If a person gives thanks to others, he will feel happy.
If a person fears contamination, he wants to avoid germs.
If a person pokes around, he will feel puzzled.
If a person and others gets in a car accident, he and PersonY are both injured as a result.
A person volunteers to help others with cooking in order to be helpful.
If a person receives a facelift, he wants to look younger.
If a person works on the campaign, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others fight the good fight, he and PersonY are victorious as a result.
If a person sees that others needs her, he wants to help PersonY.
A person stops taking medications in order to be free of his dependence on medication.
A person goes to choir practice in order to be part of a group.
If a person goes out to eat with others, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person gets others's favor, he will feel pleased.
If a person figures out what's wrong, he gets the problem fixed as a result.
If a person gets a good night's sleep, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person has a great life, he will feel happy.
If a person hurt his leg, he is in pain as a result.
If a person does something brilliant, he will feel proud.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to see more.
If a person feels excluded, he wants to be included.
If a person experiences troubles, he wants to feel better.
If a person re-marries others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person swims for exercise, he will feel relaxed.
A person runs a company in the family in order to continue the family business.
If a person does something thoughtful for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person acts in a polite manner, he will feel respectful.
If a person has a deep faith, he will feel comforted.
If a person is verbally attacked, he will feel hurt.
If a person has been drinking all day, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person keeps his cool, he will feel calm.
If a person takes a relaxing walk, he is happy as a result.
A person maintains a steady gaze in order to maintain a level head.
If a person has a brief rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has to pull an all-nighter, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person wins at the casino, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a reward, he will feel pleased.
A person prepares to do some work in order to get the job done.
A person puts the sheets in the dryer in order to make sure the sheets are dry.
If a person suddenly takes interest in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person has a full day, he is exhausted as a result.
If a person is well-known for his positive attitude, he is liked by his peers as a result.
If a person is guided by her faith, he will feel peaceful.
If a person's attempt at humor is appreciated, he is complimented as a result.
If a person does it better, he will feel confident.
A person begins to speak in order to communicate with others.
If a person decides to lie down, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he has a great time as a result.
If a person goes on a break, he will feel rested.
If a person earns much money, he will feel successful.
If a person is angry because of others's disrespect, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person reads an inspirational book, he will feel happy.
If a person learns the value of friends, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person is considered a hero, he is thanked by everyone as a result.
If a person suffers from heat, he wants to cool off.
If a person suffers from disease, he will feel in pain.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fights his way out of jail, he will feel determined.
If a person starts living a better life, he is happy as a result.
A person studies the task in order to be prepared for the task.
If a person overcomes a rival, he will feel triumphant.
A person joins a chess club in order to be good at chess.
If a person practices an art, he improves her skills as a result.
If a person believes in the necessity of ethics, he wants to be a good person.
A person starts a job in order to make money.
If a person uses his senses, he is more aware of his surroundings as a result.
If a person reads about the event, he will feel interested.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is interested in something, he decides to pursue it as a result.
If a person learns a new method of transportation, he wants to use the new method of transportation.
If a person hears some interesting news, he becomes curious as a result.
If a person is calm and rational, he is confident as a result.
A person sends an e-mail to personY in order to tell personY something.
If a person serves me, he is thanked by me as a result.
If a person gets a new machine, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to see a therapist, he feels better as a result.
If a person practices their skill, he wants to master their skill.
If a person is in a difficult situation, he is unhappy as a result.
A person was a good friend to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he will feel pleased.
A person offers money to a charity in order to help others.
If a person has a feeling, he wants to investigate.
A person asks a number of questions in order to understand a situation.
If a person works to earn money, he will feel productive.
If a person suffers pain, he wants to feel better.
If a person is not all about business, he has a personal life as a result.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he is happy as a result.
If a person eats lunch at the same restaurant every day, he is a regular customer as a result.
If a person discovers a new detail, he wants to learn more.
A person reads about yoga in order to learn more about yoga.
If a person gets along well with others, he makes friends as a result.
A person gives the baby a bath in order to help the baby.
If a person completes the task, he will feel successful.
If a person has a short conversation with others, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person eats good breakfast, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a successful new year, he will feel happy.
If a person writes some code, he will feel productive.
If a person takes his first shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person practices singing, he wants to perform.
If a person is working hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person keeps company with others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person is seriously injured, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person meets the parents of others, he wants to get to know PersonY's parents.
A person returns to the office in order to get back to work.
If a person puts their time in, he will feel productive.
A person travels to a new location in order to experience new things.
A person plays with others’s children in order to spend time with PersonY’s children.
If a person challenges others to a debate, he will feel competitive.
If a person takes some reading, he will feel curious.
If a person plays games with the kids, he is seen as a fun person.
If a person gets his case, he will feel happy.
If a person is given a warm welcome, he will feel respected.
If a person admits that it was the right thing to do, he will feel pleased.
If a person is a sadist, he tortures his victim as a result.
A person keeps others from running in order to keep PersonY safe.
If a person frets for an hour, he will feel frustrated.
If a person performs for an appreciative audience, he is pleased with his performance as a result.
If a person has a bad fall, he gets injured as a result.
If a person gains a new job, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person receives support, he feels better as a result.
If a person questions herself, he will feel uncertain.
If a person builds a career, he will feel satisfied.
A person practices music in order to improve his skills.
If a person enrolls in a school, he will feel excited.
A person examines the situation in order to know the facts.
If a person receives a back massage, he feels better as a result.
If a person got a good mark, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes a good guess, he will feel confident.
A person attempts to make conversation in order to get to know people.
If a person doesn't take care of himself, he will feel unhealthy.
If a person forces others to agree, he will feel in control.
If a person debates the issue, he wants to decide.
If a person competes in a contest, he will feel challenged.
If a person has some responsibilities, he has less time for himself as a result.
If a person thinks of an idea to use in a story, he is pleased with his idea as a result.
If a person jumps into a bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
A person begins to read in order to learn.
A person and others have a long talk in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person takes control of the situation, he will feel strong.
If a person signs up for class, he will feel motivated.
A person pulls his punches in order to avoid conflict.
If a person starts living a better life, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person buys a new motorcycle, he will feel excited.
If a person discovers a new technology, he wants to use the technology.
A person keeps to her routine in order to be consistent.
If a person starts up an international business, he wants to expand his business.
If a person discovers a new love, he will feel joyful.
If a person stops to admire a painting, he will feel amazed.
If a person makes her mark, he will feel proud.
A person plans to leave the place in order to start a new life.
If a person enters the new world, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person starts hanging out with others more, he becomes closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person attends a show, he will feel amused.
A person puts in extra hours in order to make money.
If a person awakens to a good morning, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a way with his words, he will feel intelligent.
If a person asked for help, he is helped as a result.
If a person completes task, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys a walk on the beach, he will feel relaxed.
If a person survives and thrives, he has a happy life as a result.
A person exercises at the gym in order to stay healthy.
A person decides to speak up in order to change the situation.
If a person watches a news show, he learns about current events as a result.
If a person knows how to get along with others, he is popular with PersonY as a result.
If a person learns to tell jokes, he will feel entertained.
If a person is the leading character, he is popular as a result.
A person ties up the thief in order to keep the thief from escaping.
A person tries a cup of coffee in order to know what it tastes like.
If a person manages to change others's mind, he will feel successful.
If a person comes to terms with others, he is able to move on as a result.
A person goes out to work in order to make money.
If a person decides to take a walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person shows somebody around, he gets to know somebody as a result.
If a person begins to doubt herself, he will feel anxious.
A person calls personX in order to talk to personX.
A person tests the road in order to see if the road is safe.
A person is working on a project for others in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person is able to explain it, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person continues working on the project, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person discovers a film she likes, he goes to see the film as a result.
A person goes to see his father in order to talk to his father.
If a person finds others irresistible, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person reads often, he becomes a good reader as a result.
If a person went to the seaside, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries his best, he wants to succeed.
If a person develops a routine, he will feel secure.
A person walks away from home in order to find his own way.
If a person injures himself, he is in pain as a result.
If a person reads something online, he learns something new as a result.
If a person overcomes adversity, he will feel confident.
If a person knows what to say, he will feel in control.
If a person gets a lot of sleep, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person finds a new career, he is happy as a result.
A person starts in a new place in order to have a fresh start.
If a person prepares for the future, he is optimistic as a result.
If a person is remorseful, he wants to feel better.
If a person has a delicious dinner, he feels full as a result.
If a person begins to explore the world, he will feel excited.
A person goes in a different direction in order to make a change.
A person begins to change in order to become a better person.
If a person tries not to repeat the same mistake, he is more careful as a result.
If a person finishes eating what others provided, he will feel full.
If a person reads literature, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person follows a study plan, he wants to be a good student.
If a person decides to start exercising, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to play music, he is a better musician as a result.
If a person exercises in a gym, he will feel fit.
If a person paves the way for someone, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to go there, he will feel happy.
If a person has studied English for a long time, he is able to speak English fluently as a result.
If a person gets her name in the paper, he will feel pleased.
If a person convinces others to marry, he will feel happy.
If a person learns the story, he will feel entertained.
If a person is familiar with how things work, he will feel competent.
If a person is committed to her husband, he will feel content.
If a person questions his neighbor, he learns more about his neighbor as a result.
If a person gets a good offer, he will feel pleased.
A person has employed a lawyer in order to have a strong defense.
If a person respects the memory of others, he wants to keep PersonY's memory alive.
If a person walks some blocks, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person moves to the next step, he is promoted as a result.
If a person and others starts dancing, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets in a traffic accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person does not like the cold, he wants to stay warm.
If a person learns to ride a bicycle, he will feel confident.
If a person experiences a lot of accidents, he is accident prone as a result.
If a person can do anything he wants, he will feel powerful.
If a person reads what is written, he understands the article as a result.
A person is allowed to return to work in order to be productive.
If a person fears for others's health, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person buys another motorcycle, he will feel happy.
If a person feels someone else's pain, he will feel sympathetic.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening, he feels happy as a result.
If a person deals with his issues, he gets better as a result.
If a person turns a favorite music on, he will feel pleased.
If a person watches baseball on TV, he will feel interested.
If a person assists others with her research, he will feel useful.
If a person gets to rest, he feels better as a result.
A person took on a job in order to make money.
If a person prepares to carry on with her life, he feels confident as a result.
If a person cannot stand others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
A person organizes a get-together in order to get together with friends.
If a person dislikes a person, he wants to be rid of that person.
If a person puts his house in order, he is pleased with his house as a result.
If a person had a medical issue, he wants to see a doctor.
If a person tries out a new sport, he will feel challenged.
A person learns how to play an instrument in order to be a musician.
If a person can’t make a decision, he will feel confused.
If a person has been seeing others all summer, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person is really good at something, he will feel confident.
If a person hears sounds in the night, he wants to investigate.
If a person enjoys a late night at the pub, he will feel happy.
If a person is allowed to go ahead, he will feel free.
If a person was under a deadline, he wants to be on time.
If a person complains of an injury, he wants to see a doctor.
If a person hears of good news, he will feel excited.
If a person experiences serious accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
A person consults an expert in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person realizes he has a problem, he takes steps to fix his problem as a result.
If a person builds his business, he will feel confident.
If a person ask others for help, he will feel supported.
A person is planning to go abroad in order to be independent.
A person practices the drums in order to improve his skills.
If a person fears getting caught, he will feel anxious.
A person enrolls in the college in order to finish his education.
If a person experiences stress, he wants to relax.
If a person takes up the challenge, he will feel excited.
If a person receives a threatening letter, he will feel frightened.
A person examines the key in order to understand the key.
If a person has already made up his mind, he wants to follow his own path.
If a person sees a need, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person appreciates his qualities, he will feel happy.
A person reads a story to the child in order to help the child.
If a person opens a good business, he will feel happy.
A person rides his bike down the street in order to get exercise.
If a person learns to get along with others, he is seen as a good friend.
If a person regrets missing an important deadline, he will feel frustrated.
A person is well-prepared for the class in order to be ready for the class.
If a person regrets her decisions, he wants to do things differently.
If a person fixes the lock, he will feel accomplished.
A person wrote this book in order to share his story.
If a person goes through the schedule, he knows what to do as a result.
A person decides to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person makes a lot of new friends, he will feel accepted.
A person agrees to give others a ride in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets the hang of it, he will feel good.
If a person keeps getting sick, he will feel miserable.
A person go to meet others in order to have a talk with PersonY.
If a person visits a cabaret, he has a good time as a result.
If a person hangs around the wrong crowd, he gets into trouble as a result.
If a person keeps reading the book, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes others's boss happy, he will feel appreciated.
If a person thinks others is in too much pain, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person puts on good clothes, he will feel smart.
If a person buys a new book, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns something about the world, he becomes more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person goes swimming in the sea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a heavy day, he is tired as a result.
If a person has gotten dressed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is planning to buy a new car, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to be good, he will feel pleased.
A person wishes others a good day in order PersonY to be happy.
If a person does not worry anymore, he will feel relaxed.
If a person means well, he wants to do well.
If a person thinks of possible solutions, he comes up with a solution as a result.
If a person is cheered on, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys another day off, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person attends a debate, he will feel interested.
If a person enjoys a hot meal, he will feel full.
If a person enjoys watching a sunset, he feels peaceful as a result.
If a person tells others that they had fun together, he will feel happy.
A person begins to work out at the gym in order to stay healthy.
A person decides to take the dog for a walk in order to be close to the dog.
If a person asks for medical advice, he wants to get better.
If a person finds something to read, he will feel satisfied.
If a person jogs on the weekend, he will feel fit.
A person looks into the box in order to find out what is in the box.
If a person exercises in a gym, he wants to be fit.
If a person receives an explanation from others, he understands PersonY’s reason as a result.
If a person gets sick on the way, he will feel miserable.
If a person makes a business plan, he wants to make a profit.
If a person practices improvisation, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person has found a new hobby, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to lie down, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets new clothes, he looks good as a result.
If a person is the victim of assault, he will feel hurt.
If a person eats at a posh restaurant, he will feel good.
A person is meeting others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person starts meditating, he wants to be more relaxed.
If a person gets the job done, he will feel happy.
A person shows personY how to do something in order to help personY.
If a person has an enjoyable time, he will feel content.
A person tests the trap in order to make sure the trap works.
A person exercises more than five times a week in order to be healthy.
A person has a short conversation with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
A person puts water in the water bottle in order to stay hydrated.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he will feel brave.
If a person has become successful, he will feel happy.
If a person leaves a note to thank others, he will feel pleased.
A person turns on the telephone in order to communicate with the outside world.
If a person gets punished for what he did, he will feel ashamed.
If a person wins a big contract, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes mature, he will feel more confident.
A person plans to go to the beach in order to be in the sun.
A person stays in college in order to finish college.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he will feel delighted.
A person talks to others about problems in order to be able to discuss problems with PersonY.
A person decides to go abroad in order to be more independent.
A person reads about legal proceedings in order to know more about the law.
If a person takes some time out, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets his paperwork in order, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks if others would like to help, he gets help from PersonY as a result.
If a person is educated, he will feel smart.
If a person gets accepted to the best university, he is pleased as a result.
A person had a few words with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person thinks of new possibilities, he wants to explore.
If a person investigates the noise, he wants to find out what is making the noise.
A person leaves his mother’s house in order to live on his own.
If a person hits the ground running, he will feel determined.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel successful.
A person walks along the street in order to be outside.
If a person thinks on his feet, he will feel creative.
If a person visits a local museum, he will feel interested.
If a person studies a table of facts, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person listens to others's stories, he enjoys PersonY's stories as a result.
If a person thinks others is sincere, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person worries about another person, he wants to make that person happy.
If a person agrees to accompany others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person takes up a new job in order to earn more money.
If a person enjoys the new game, he wants to play the game again.
If a person comes across the van, he is interested in the van as a result.
If a person washes 's hands, he will feel clean.
If a person picks up a bargain, he is impressed by the price as a result.
A person surprises others with a gift in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person accepts an invitation from others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
A person puts on a coat and gloves in order to be prepared for the cold.
If a person gets a job offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person shows others around, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person catches others doing something unethical, he wants to stop PersonY from doing unethical things.
If a person explores others's motives, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person is faced with a question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person is extremely well prepared, he will feel confident.
If a person goes dancing with friends, he will feel joyful.
A person disposes of it safely in order to avoid any risk.
If a person seeks another's opinion, he receives feedback as a result.
If a person starts an article, he will feel productive.
If a person takes over others's project, he will feel in charge.
If a person has a bad day, he will feel depressed.
If a person gets a poem published, he is pleased as a result.
If a person has a successful new year, he is happier as a result.
If a person settles arguments, he will feel in control.
A person opens up an online account in order to be able to do more things online.
If a person appreciates what others did, he thanks PersonY as a result.
If a person was supposed to be here by now, he wants to get here on time.
If a person is respected, he will feel valued.
If a person is a graduate student, he earns a degree as a result.
If a person completes a given task, he will feel satisfied.
A person reads others's bio in order to know more about PersonY.
A person talks to her brother in order to hear from her brother.
If a person is suffering from a festering disorder, he will feel miserable.
If a person eats a snack, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has been to the gym, he will feel healthy.
If a person finds others missing, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person takes note of something, he wants to remember it.
A person reads through the Bible in order to know God's word.
A person works hard on the project in order to finish the project.
If a person gives him just the right amount, he will feel satisfied.
A person explores her surroundings in order to be able to explore the world.
If a person thanks others for the show of support, he will feel happy.
If a person notices the cake is burning, he wants to stop the fire.
If a person takes a week long vacation, he is rested as a result.
If a person's feelings hurt, he wants to feel better.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel satisfied.
A person looks it up on wiki in order to know more about a topic.
If a person attends class, he wants to study.
A person goes for her checkup in order to make sure she is healthy.
If a person regrets his lie, he wants to tell the truth.
A person gives an important message in order to make a difference.
If a person is in grave danger, he will feel terrified.
If a person learns to behave, he will feel controlled.
A person does not let go of others in order to be with PersonY.
A person visits others's family in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person is in the comfort zone, he will feel content.
A person reminds others of the meeting in order to make sure PersonY attends the meeting.
If a person has a beer with a friend, he is intoxicated as a result.
A person cleans the floors in order to be tidy.
If a person went to the seaside, he will feel relaxed.
If a person rekindles a relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person sits down to relax, he will feel content.
If a person and others buy a new house, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person seeks out opinions, he wants to make decisions.
If a person quits the company, he wants to work for a different company.
A person takes care of the plants in order to make sure the plants are healthy.
If a person starts dressing up, he will feel sexy.
A person goes into an engineering class in order to learn about engineering.
A person changes the way he uses it in order to be able to use it in different ways.
A person cleans up the scene in order to make sure that the crime scene is clean.
If a person orders some special pasta, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person has found his target, he is a happy camper as a result.
If a person is frustrated by others's insisting, he will feel angry.
A person is a great parent in order to make sure his children are happy.
If a person and others attend a baseball game, he will feel entertained.
If a person wins a writing contest, he is happy as a result.
A person looks up something in the library in order to find out more about a subject.
If a person explores many countries, he has traveled the world as a result.
If a person feels out of it, he wants to feel better.
If a person finds something appealing, he wants to see more of it.
If a person dresses up for a party, he will feel excited.
If a person has found his target, he will feel confident.
A person feeds baby  in order to make sure baby PersonX is well fed.
If a person discovers a beautiful painting, he will feel pleased.
A person tells the next of kin in order to make sure the next of kin is informed.
A person goes to a protest in order to be a part of a movement.
A person tries to figure out what is right in order to make the right decision.
A person checks out others’s profile in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person sinks to a new low, he will feel depressed.
If a person lies down and takes a snooze, he will feel refreshed.
If a person discusses the future, he wants to plan for the future.
A person works on their relationship in order to make their relationship stronger.
If a person gets others's telephone number, he wants to call PersonY.
If a person shows up on others's doorstep, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person travels to places unknown in order to explore the world.
If a person walks towards the bathroom, he wants to take a shower.
If a person smiles a little, he will feel a little happier.
A person volunteers at the food bank in order to help others.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to work through his issues.
If a person speaks with his spouse, he and his spouse have a good conversation as a result.
A person read through books and records in order to learn more.
A person teaches the baby well in order to be a good parent.
If a person convinces others to return, he will feel successful.
If a person wins the award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
A person tests the road in order to know if the road is safe.
If a person takes offense to the comment, he becomes angry as a result.
If a person takes deep breaths, he will feel relaxed.
A person visits a friend’s grave in order to remember her friend.
If a person puts on lots of weight, he will feel fat.
If a person gets interested in others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person steers a car, he will feel in control.
A person starts to fight in order to defend himself.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he will feel respected.
A person and others have a date in order to be with PersonY.
If a person notices some data, he wants to understand the data.
If a person picks up some extra work, he earns more money as a result.
If a person is an avid reader, he will feel enlightened.
If a person thinks about stopping it, he will feel worried.
If a person experiences personal success, he will feel proud.
If a person chooses the right item, he will feel satisfied.
If a person counts on friends, he will feel supported.
If a person thinks about being alone, he will feel lonely.
If a person wins a talent contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person accepts the adventure that is presented to him, he wants to continue to explore.
A person investigates a noise in the building in order to find out what is going on.
If a person is learning to dance, he is enjoying dancing as a result.
If a person buys a new chair, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a bad mood, he wants to feel better.
If a person knows what is required, he will feel in control.
If a person decides to forgive others, he will feel relieved.
If a person finally reconciles with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person receives a threatening message, he will feel scared.
If a person manages to prove it, he will feel confident.
If a person downloads a video, he will feel entertained.
If a person runs out of the room, he wants to be alone.
If a person takes on responsibilities, he will feel important.
If a person receives a bad present, he will feel disappointed.
If a person brushes his teeth twice, he will feel clean.
If a person enters a panic state, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person knows he or she did wrong, he will feel guilty.
A person continues her research in order to complete her project.
A person and others try to hit it off in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person finds a need, he wants to fill that need.
A person wakes up and goes to work in order to make money.
A person gets a lawyer in order to defend himself.
If a person kicks back and relaxes, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stays on track, he will feel confident.
If a person speaks with police, he is questioned by police as a result.
If a person stops being horrible to others, he wants to be nice to PersonY.
If a person prides herself on progress, he wants to keep making progress.
If a person gets comfortable in the chair, he feels more relaxed as a result.
If a person and others plan a date, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person realizes he has done wrong, he is sorry as a result.
If a person is making progress, he will feel confident.
A person washes his hair in order to be clean.
If a person is being threatened, he is upset as a result.
If a person arranges the items, he will feel organized.
If a person learns how to ride a bike, he will feel competent.
If a person begins an experiment, he wants to complete the experiment.
A person picks up the paintbrush in order to finish the painting.
If a person is thrown into a ravine, he is injured as a result.
If a person faces ridicule, he will feel humiliated.
If a person visits a dance hall, he will feel entertained.
A person does all the work for the family in order to make sure the family is taken care of.
If a person finally gets married, he is happy as a result.
If a person moves into a new home, he will feel happy.
If a person flies back home, he gets back in touch with his family as a result.
If a person arranges to have dinner with others, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to make money in order to be self sufficient.
If a person makes a four-figure income, he will feel successful.
If a person uses a sense of logic, he will feel smart.
If a person overcomes self-centeredness, he will feel good.
If a person is no longer bothered by noise, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has gone too far, he wants to stop.
If a person begins to drink alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
A person asks a penetrating question in order to know the truth.
If a person takes deep breaths, he calms down as a result.
If a person works to make money, he will feel independent.
If a person passes a fun evening, he will feel relaxed.
A person completes a research report in order to be able to use the information.
If a person devotes time to some friends, he gets closer to his friends as a result.
If a person is known for his skills in many areas, he will feel valued.
If a person gets a good reputation, he will feel respected.
A person sticks with the project in order to finish the project.
If a person learns to defend herself, he feels more confident as a result.
A person sticks with his plan in order to achieve his goal.
If a person gets started on work, he will feel happy.
If a person has three different outfits, he is dressed well as a result.
If a person notes to self to do something for someone, he will feel motivated.
If a person changes course, completely, he wants to be a different person.
If a person worries about sick others, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person decided it could be something big, he wants to investigate.
If a person dances the boogie, he will feel energetic.
If a person has the best job, he will feel proud.
A person sends a letter to his mother in order to express his feelings.
If a person gets a better job, he will feel confident.
A person tells Paul in order to be open with Paul.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he wants to do something about it.
If a person begins to doubt others's motives, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
A person follows others's story in order to understand PersonY.
If a person wears beautiful clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person meets someone in a car, he and the other person have a conversation as a result.
If a person is in peril, he will feel anxious.
If a person thanks others for helping him, he will feel pleased.
If a person joins a new club, he meets new friends as a result.
A person calls her doctor in order to get an appointment.
If a person sits back and relaxes, he will feel satisfied.
If a person meets a family, he gets to know the family as a result.
A person tries to escape from the fight in order to avoid being hurt.
If a person did not get enough sleep, he will feel tired.
A person gets ready to leave home in order to be independent.
A person encouraged others to go out more in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has a successful career, he has a lot of money as a result.
If a person moves on with his life, he will feel liberated.
If a person believes that others sees something, he wants to know what PersonY sees.
If a person sets up business, he makes money as a result.
If a person plays good cop, he will feel in control.
If a person misjudges a fall, he is injured as a result.
If a person tries to know more, he learns more as a result.
A person questions the statement in order to know the truth.
If a person makes plans for future, he will feel determined.
If a person gets dressed up for a concert, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks of a funny question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person makes a major financial investment, he wants to see a return on his investment.
If a person decides to have a cold shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person was disappointed with himself, he will feel ashamed.
If a person continues to train, he gets better as a result.
A person tries to find the future in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he feels good about herself as a result.
If a person loves others’s art, he is inspired by PersonY’s work as a result.
If a person has to deal with the terrible event, he is upset as a result.
If a person and others are carpool buddies, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person practices solving problems, he is seen as smart.
If a person feel guilty, he apologizes as a result.
If a person comes across the answer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person rests in bed, he will feel relaxed.
A person meets with a friend in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person receives a surprise gift, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to do it, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a jog, he will feel energetic.
If a person wins for once, he is pleased as a result.
If a person takes medication to cope with her disorder, he will feel controlled.
If a person is convinced that a third person is involved, he wants to prove that a third person is involved.
If a person regrets her choices, he wants to make different choices.
If a person decides on going to school, he will feel happy.
If a person helps others solve their problems, he will feel helpful.
A person has already started working on it in order to finish it.
A person is taking a shower in order to feel clean.
A person rushes to the emergency room in order to be treated quickly.
If a person thinks of new possibilities, he will feel inspired.
If a person accepts the adventure that is presented to him, he will feel happy.
If a person finds something to read, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on a printing press, he will feel productive.
If a person learns to cope, he will feel confident.
If a person poses for a portrait, he has a good picture as a result.
If a person helps others decide what to wear, he helps PersonY look good as a result.
If a person sticks to her principles, he will feel strong.
If a person completes a research report, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes a big success, he is rich as a result.
If a person finds a new job, he is happy as a result.
If a person practices singing, he becomes a better singer as a result.
If a person looks into a new computer, he wants to use the computer.
If a person falls into a pit, he is injured as a result.
If a person prepares a schedule, he will feel organized.
If a person stops worrying, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is very good at her job, he will feel proud.
If a person gets his revenge, he will feel powerful.
If a person hits the ground running, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys holiday with her friends, he will feel content.
If a person knows that something's wrong, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person seizes the opportunity, he will feel successful.
A person helps to clean the floor in order to be tidy.
A person initiates the exercise class in order to keep fit.
A person communicates with others about it in order to have a discussion with PersonY.
If a person makes time to exercise, he wants to be in shape.
If a person and others practice music, he wants to play music.
If a person begins to write a letter, he will feel creative.
If a person eats the steak, he will feel full.
If a person does it himself, he will feel capable.
If a person hunts for information, he will feel determined.
If a person is forced to drink, he is intoxicated as a result.
If a person gets on the computer, he wants to play games.
If a person hangs out with his friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person relies on rules, he will feel disciplined.
A person tries to forget the incident in order to move on.
If a person hugs others warmly, he feels happy as a result.
If a person is invited to play music with others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person's plan works, he will feel pleased.
A person prepares to begin in order to begin a new task.
If a person has done something good, he is praised by others as a result.
A person resigns from his work in order to do something else.
If a person works the round in a steady tone, he will feel confident.
If a person is quite puzzled by how to proceed, he wants to figure out what to do.
If a person goes up a level, he will feel confident.
If a person comes back home, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person is unable to cope with stress, he will feel depressed.
If a person ends up loving it, he wants to do it again.
If a person is doing well in their job, he will feel happy.
If a person joins others's singing group, he learns to sing as a result.
If a person finds a job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets some exercise, he will feel healthy.
A person tends to others's garden in order to help PersonY.
If a person is emotionally not stable, he will feel anxious.
If a person wins a football game, he will feel pleased.
If a person explores new territories, he will feel adventurous.
If a person reads the newspaper every day, he will feel interested.
If a person is out of funds, he will feel desperate.
If a person takes a course in, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person thinks about career change, he wants to work in a new field.
A person decides to talk with others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person listens to the reason, he understands the problem as a result.
A person makes a visit to others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person is seeing others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is active in the community, he will feel helpful.
If a person reads lots of books, he becomes a bookworm as a result.
If a person's mother is in the hospital, he will feel worried.
A person initiates the approach in order to be the one to start the conversation.
If a person wants to do something nice, he will feel happy.
If a person manages a budget, he will feel organized.
A person calls the person in order to be able to talk to the person.
If a person learns about something, he is interested as a result.
If a person succeeds in breaking others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person feels bad about others's being sad, he wants to cheer PersonY up.
A person avoids a trap in order to avoid being hurt.
If a person has success, he feels good as a result.
If a person is really taking care of others, he will feel confident.
If a person receives medication, he gets better as a result.
If a person draws on a yellow pad, he will feel creative.
If a person cannot stay in one place, he is constantly moving as a result.
If a person tries to read, he wants to read more.
A person moves back in with his mom in order to be close to his mom.
If a person is spending time with his friends, he has fun as a result.
A person decides to push through in order to succeed.
If a person starts taking a serious interest in music, he wants to be a musician.
If a person and others are in pain, he will feel unhappy.
A person invests in a new enterprise in order to be a part of the new industry.
If a person has new plans for the future, he will feel confident.
If a person responds to others's cry, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person becomes aware of something strange, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person reads fairy tales, he will feel imaginative.
If a person visits the public garden, he enjoys the garden as a result.
If a person brings home the gold, he will feel accomplished.
A person thinks about a new place in order to start a new life.
If a person knows how to take care of herself, he will feel self-confident.
If a person is happy at work, he will feel relaxed.
A person participates in a community service project in order to be a good citizen.
If a person is at odds with others, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person succeeds in doing business, he will feel happy.
If a person is respectful to other people, he is treated with respect as a result.
If a person begins planning the holiday, he will feel excited.
If a person studies several languages, he is fluent in several languages as a result.
If a person considers a walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person works out the truth, he will feel satisfied.
A person studies an instrument in order to be better at his instrument.
If a person hops in the shower, he will feel clean.
A person tries to break into the house in order to find out what is in the house.
A person helps others to smile in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person cannot abide the stench, he wants to get rid of the smell.
A person examines the objects in order to learn about the objects.
If a person begins to paint the walls, he will feel artistic.
If a person undergoes training, he will feel motivated.
A person takes others on a road trip in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person hangs out with others again, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person receives help from a stranger, he feels better as a result.
If a person goes to a religious mass, he will feel devout.
A person expresses opinions in order to be heard.
If a person goes back to her family, he is happy to be with her family as a result.
If a person gets prepared for it, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes peace with them, he will feel happy.
If a person made up with her friends, he will feel happy.
If a person makes his first sale, he is happy as a result.
A person practices target shooting in order to improve his marksmanship.
A person pushes himself in order to be in good shape.
If a person gets his truck fixed, he will feel relieved.
If a person is aggrieved, he wants to feel better.
If a person has a nice dinner, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he is happy as a result.
If a person turns a favorite music on, he is satisfied with the music as a result.
If a person is hurt in a fight, he is in the hospital as a result.
A person takes care of them both in order to make sure they are both safe.
If a person notices it looks bad, he wants to fix it.
If a person organizes a good event, he gets praise from others as a result.
If a person accidentally stumbles into a dangerous situation, he will feel scared.
A person shares some of his goods in order to help others.
If a person is made to look foolish, he feels humiliated as a result.
If a person and others try to hit it off, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person cares for others’s aging father, he learns to care for an elderly person as a result.
If a person confides in his girlfriend, he is reassured by his girlfriend as a result.
If a person prepares for a fiesta, he will feel excited.
If a person and others lie down together on the ground, he will feel close.
If a person feels confused, he wants to understand.
If a person regrets mistakes, he wants to make up for mistakes.
If a person pours hot water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person seeks the advice of others, he is given advice as a result.
If a person has been disappointed, he will feel frustrated.
If a person has a fender bender, he is a bit sore as a result.
If a person and others watch a show, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person feels too sick, he wants to feel better.
If a person ordered the meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes to the tailor, he is measured for a suit as a result.
If a person plays football with his friends, he has fun as a result.
A person visits his mother’s grave in order to pay his respects.
If a person studies to prepare for the examination, he will feel determined.
If a person is concerned about others's future, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
A person undergoes therapy in order to feel better.
If a person runs the show, he will feel confident.
If a person finds someone to love, he will feel content.
If a person raises a question, he wants to get an answer.
If a person decides to do some volunteer work, he will feel good.
If a person pursues a master’s degree, he gets a degree as a result.
A person tries to be articulate in order to be more persuasive.
A person works on a new piece of software in order to make the software better.
If a person goes clubbing with friends, he will feel wild.
If a person boasts about his smarts, he will feel smug.
If a person is used to it, he will feel content.
If a person tries to start a family, he will feel hopeful.
A person gives others a nice ride in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person values learning, he will feel eager.
A person assists others in her project in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets a chance to cool off, he will feel calm.
If a person goes for a walk in the park, he will feel peaceful.
If a person feels responsible for hurting others, he wants to make it up to PersonY.
A person practices guitar in order to improve his skills.
If a person plays a violin, he is good at playing the violin as a result.
If a person lectures to the class, he is seen as intelligent.
A person comes to see others in order to be in PersonY's life.
A person discusses the gift with others in order to share the gift with PersonY.
If a person devours the meat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets talked about, he is made fun of as a result.
If a person gets a little help from her friends, he will feel encouraged.
If a person takes a painting class, he will feel interested.
If a person and others go the beach, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person hears an unusual noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person takes a course online, he will feel educated.
If a person enjoys playing her trumpet, he wants to play her trumpet more.
If a person always kept to himself, he is a loner as a result.
If a person accepts help from others, he will feel supported.
If a person faces a dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
If a person pays respects to her roots, he is proud of her heritage as a result.
If a person plays some video games, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a successful date, he is happy as a result.
If a person spends all night writing, he will feel inspired.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he will feel full.
If a person takes up table tennis, he gets better at table tennis as a result.
A person helps to choose the wine in order to be involved in the choice of the wine.
If a person is able to overcome adversity, he will feel confident.
If a person had a road accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person pays attention to the sickly others, he learns to care for PersonY as a result.
If a person cooks an elegant meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel content.
If a person's mother is in the hospital, he will feel concerned.
If a person kisses his wife, he will feel satisfied.
A person buys a large quantity of potato chips in order to eat a lot of potato chips.
If a person does something useful, he will feel accomplished.
A person decides to do homework in order to do well in school.
If a person sets out to clean, he gets the house clean as a result.
If a person reads what is written, he understands the writing as a result.
A person visits some old friends in order to spend time with old friends.
If a person suspects something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person finds a part-time job, he will feel pleased.
A person takes friends to the beach in order to spend time with friends.
If a person experiences a defeat, he will feel disappointed.
If a person stops by my house, he and I talk as a result.
If a person had a nice evening, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person learns to ride a horse, he will feel skilled.
If a person beats others in a fishing competition, he is seen as a good fisherman.
If a person has enough food, he will feel full.
If a person has had the courage to fight, he will feel strong.
If a person reads a newspaper, he will feel informed.
A person decides to go home in order to see his family.
If a person has something good happen, he wants to share the good news.
If a person gets a picture in the newspaper, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person has a comfortable life, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys sleeping next to others, he will feel content.
If a person is offered a high-paying job, he is happy as a result.
A person attends an AA meeting in order to improve his life.
If a person kisses others passionately, he will feel joyful.
If a person examines the text, he will feel curious.
If a person seeks reasons for something, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person earns a chance, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins a hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person has everything going for her, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes others's error, he corrects PersonY as a result.
If a person joins society, he will feel accepted.
A person keeps the book for years in order to preserve the book.
If a person doesn't spend as much money, he will feel frugal.
If a person listens to music while at the office, he will feel entertained.
If a person has your best interests at heart, he wants to help you.
If a person goes all business, he will feel efficient.
If a person takes in every detail, he remembers everything as a result.
If a person is ready to challenge others, he wants to win.
If a person completes a manuscript, he will feel satisfied.
If a person loves spending time with others, he will feel content.
A person heads to the club in order to be social.
If a person no longer asks for more, he will feel content.
If a person gets the upper hand, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is intrigued, he wants to learn more.
If a person feels that someone is looking at her, he looks around as a result.
A person tells the other students in order to share her knowledge.
A person samples some water in order to know what the water tastes like.
If a person has a lot of fun, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to speak a language in order to be able to communicate with people.
If a person thinks that something is not clear, he wants to know more.
If a person is surrounded by others, he will feel accepted.
If a person finds out something really interesting, he will feel happy.
A person tries to think outside the box in order to find a new way to solve a problem.
If a person feels a bond with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person helps a charity, he will feel good.
A person checks out a suggestion in order to know more about the new suggestion.
If a person had a couple of drinks, he will feel a little tipsy.
A person finds a bottle of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person is taking a rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person practices his lines in the mirror in order to improve his acting skills.
If a person keeps going to the office, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person reads the text of the law, he understands the law as a result.
If a person has an exciting experience, he will feel happy.
A person starts taking computer science in order to learn more about computers.
If a person can’t relax, he will feel restless.
A person takes time off in order to rest.
A person reminds others to walk the dog in order to keep PersonY on track.
If a person finds a difference, he will feel satisfied.
A person hurries to get there in order to get there on time.
If a person focuses on detail, he is seen as a perfectionist.
A person visits relatives for the first time in order to get to know his relatives.
A person investigates the message in order to find out what the message means.
If a person reads an entire book, he will feel content.
If a person listens to opera, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes on some tasks, he will feel challenged.
A person invites others over for coffee in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person points out a flaw, he wants to fix it.
If a person checks the person out, he wants to know what the person is like.
If a person makes arrangements for an activity, he will feel in control.
A person searches for a new job in order to earn more money.
A person orders a special coffee in order to make sure that the coffee is delicious.
If a person has a lucky break, he is happy as a result.
If a person does everything that others tells him to do, he will feel obedient.
If a person learns of past experience, he has an insight as a result.
If a person gets a cold, he wants to feel better.
If a person listens to gospel music, he will feel moved.
If a person takes the necessary precautions, he will feel secure.
If a person dances the samba, he will feel energetic.
If a person finds the perfect gift for others, he will feel happy.
If a person and others enjoy playing tennis, he will feel excited.
If a person rehearses, he wants to perform.
If a person decides to seek a way out, he leaves the house as a result.
If a person writes an important paper, he will feel happy.
If a person is in a rut, he wants to get out of his rut.
A person creates a lot of art in order to be creative.
If a person keeps on running, he will feel determined.
A person does her best work in order to be good at her job.
If a person is having a conflict, he will feel angry.
If a person doesn't feel good about others, he wants to feel better about PersonY.
If a person resolves an issue, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds her self in doubt, he wants to know what to do.
If a person enters a new field, he wants to work in that field.
If a person studies in order to pass the exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person's work goes well, he will feel successful.
A person gives information to others in order to help PersonY.
A person waters the plants in order to keep the plants alive.
If a person relies on rules, he will feel controlled.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person puts the house up for sale in order to be free of the house.
A person encourages the team in order to make the team successful.
If a person takes time off, he is rested as a result.
A person goes back to work in order to be productive.
A person is following the guide in order to be on the right path.
If a person has gotten a flat tire, he wants to get a new tire.
If a person gets a straight answer, he will feel understood.
If a person sets aside money for others, he is able to pay PersonY as a result.
If a person discusses problems with others, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person becomes exasperated with others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
A person rushes to the police station in order to help the police.
A person talks to me in order to have a conversation.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he is pleased as a result.
If a person feels she is being watched, he feels uneasy as a result.
If a person feels slightly uncomfortable, he wants to feel more comfortable.
If a person likes to think, he wants to do more thinking.
If a person attends every class, he wants to be a student.
A person volunteers to work on a project in order to be helpful.
If a person thinks that Tom is an interesting person, he likes Tom as a result.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he wants to stop making mistakes.
If a person is winning the football game, he will feel happy.
If a person sees a bright future, he will feel excited.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he will feel eager.
If a person works through their anger, he wants to stop being angry.
A person avoids digging deeper in order to avoid trouble.
A person practices a new skill in order to be better at a task.
If a person struggles with feelings of hatred, he wants to stop hating.
If a person and others have had fun, he will feel happy.
A person enters service in order to serve his country.
If a person beats others in a fight, he will feel triumphant.
A person moves up a rank in order to advance in his career.
If a person puts on their glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person wants to go back to the village, he wants to be with his family.
If a person dances to some music, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets extra glasses, he is able to see better as a result.
If a person is accepted into graduate school, he wants to finish school.
If a person begins to hesitate, he will feel afraid.
A person looks others up in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person enters into marriage, he is happy as a result.
If a person is anxious because others has not called, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person gives good advice to others, he will feel good.
A person arranges for a get-together in order to get together with friends.
If a person reacts badly to news, he becomes angry as a result.
If a person works things out, he will feel happy.
A person helps someone of lower status in order to help someone who is in need.
If a person sees a lot of places that are beautiful, he will feel impressed.
If a person gets an item, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to solve it in order to help.
If a person finds a secluded spot, he will feel peaceful.
If a person moves up the corporate ladder, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's money problem, he is unable to pay his bills as a result.
If a person begins an investigation, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person attempts to open the door, he wants to get into the house.
If a person has something delicious, he will feel full.
If a person finds the perfect pair of pants, he will feel satisfied.
If a person honors others with a prize, he will feel pleased.
A person visits others at the mall in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person sees something for the first time, he sees a new perspective as a result.
If a person tries others's burger, he likes PersonY's burger as a result.
If a person plays with others's dog, he learns to play with dogs as a result.
If a person sees a suspicious person, he wants to report the person.
If a person’s nightmare, he will feel terrified.
If a person and others drive to the countryside, he and PersonY enjoy the countryside as a result.
A person goes to a clinic in order to improve his health.
A person asks the father in order to know the father's advice.
A person goes outside for a minute in order to enjoy the fresh air.
If a person gets back in bed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is the leader of his or her team, he will feel powerful.
If a person practices mindfulness, he feels calmer as a result.
If a person interacts with other children, he learns to play with other children as a result.
If a person regrets some action, he wants to not do that action.
If a person acts in a socially acceptable manner, he is accepted by his peers as a result.
A person finally decided to leave in order to be free.
If a person eats his dinner, he is full as a result.
A person works out a schedule in order to have a regular routine.
If a person spends a weekend at the seashore, he will feel refreshed.
If a person dresses appropriately, he will feel cool.
If a person had his fun, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is suffering from a festering disorder, he will feel in pain.
If a person accepts some advice, he wants to do what the advice says.
A person wants to tell others about it in order to be honest.
If a person is watching tv, he is entertained as a result.
If a person lets go of anger, he will feel calm.
If a person looks up to God, he wants to do what God wants.
A person attempts to start a project in order to be independent.
If a person takes advantage of every opportunity, he will feel successful.
A person considers moving out in order to start a new life.
If a person and others are falling in love, he will feel happy.
If a person gets some work done, he will feel motivated.
A person finally talks to his ex-wife in order to resolve the issue.
If a person plays and laughs with others, he will feel joyful.
If a person trains for a month, he will feel motivated.
If a person goes to see a psychic, he gets a psychic reading as a result.
If a person thinks hard about things, he thinks more clearly as a result.
A person works hard to achieve something in order to be the best.
If a person exercises in a gym, he will feel energetic.
A person puts the groceries away in order to make sure that the groceries are put away.
If a person becomes interested in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is intrigued, he reads the book as a result.
If a person learns the trade, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a prominent leader, he is liked by his peers as a result.
If a person has a wonderful time with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives training, he wants to get better.
If a person is upset about all these texts, he wants to get rid of the texts.
If a person develops an illness, he wants to see a doctor.
If a person learns how to play the harp, he gets better at playing the harp as a result.
If a person explains himself, he will feel understood.
A person helps others to relax in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person and others do something nice for one another, he and PersonY are grateful to one another as a result.
A person helps out at the school in order to help the school.
If a person makes a name for himself, he will feel respected.
If a person suffers a car accident, he gets injured as a result.
A person keeps searching in order to find a solution.
If a person looks for a place to rent, he finds a place to live as a result.
If a person experiences the death of a loved one, he will feel devastated.
If a person gets an item, he will feel pleased.
If a person claps along, he will feel energetic.
If a person has learned her lesson, he wants to be good.
If a person begins to listen to the radio, he is interested in music as a result.
If a person goes to a good market, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others both win, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets the upper hand, he will feel pleased.
If a person answers questions in class, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person learns to speak Dutch, he speaks Dutch fluently as a result.
If a person knows others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person studies the dog in person, he wants to learn more about the dog.
If a person can't control his temper, he will feel frustrated.
If a person doesn’t let the criminal go, he will feel determined.
If a person has learned her lesson, he wants to do the right thing.
A person passes the word on in order to get the message out.
A person has already asked in order to have the answers.
If a person takes a tour of others's house, he learns about the house as a result.
If a person keeps eye on police, he will feel vigilant.
A person takes off on her own in order to be independent.
If a person explains what he was thinking, he will feel open.
If a person gets through the worst of it, he is feeling better as a result.
If a person resents being kept out of the investigation, he gets angry as a result.
If a person visits the market, he wants to buy food.
If a person gets promoted at work, he will feel happy.
A person contacts his mother in order to make peace with his mother.
If a person gets something done, he will feel successful.
A person calls a travel agent in order to go on a trip.
If a person watches a good movie, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is not sure how to begin, he will feel confused.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he will feel confused.
A person visits his father in order to know his father.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he is happy as a result.
A person looks for a brand-new job in order to be successful.
If a person is sent a bouquet of flowers, he is grateful as a result.
A person asks others to explain it again in order to understand the concept.
If a person drinks water in the morning, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a new perspective on life, he will feel optimistic.
If a person tries to look at the bright side, he will feel optimistic.
If a person has access to supplies, he has enough supplies as a result.
If a person has trouble with something, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person learns about science, he will feel interested.
If a person checks out his options, he will feel curious.
If a person practices an art form, he will feel creative.
A person goes into others's business in order to learn more about PersonY's business.
A person avoids a gun battle in order to be safe.
A person tries to do some exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person bathes, he will feel clean.
If a person becomes more productive, he will feel pleased.
A person carries out a survey in order to know what people think.
A person finds time to visit others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person drinks a beverage of some kind, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person starts on a new journey, he makes progress as a result.
If a person makes arrangements for an activity, he invites people to the activity as a result.
A person plans a fund-raiser in order to help people.
A person decides to move away in order to start a new life.
If a person starts to improve, he will feel happy.
If a person is doing volunteer work, he will feel useful.
A person researches a problem in order to find a solution.
If a person and others gets caught, he and PersonY get punished as a result.
If a person works on his house, he will feel motivated.
If a person is afraid of what others will think, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person read several books in order to learn more.
If a person examines the situation, he will feel curious.
If a person finishes his dinner, he will feel full.
If a person tries to do good, he will feel good.
A person reads others in order to understand PersonY.
If a person is hurt and needs help, he gets medical attention as a result.
If a person gets his cake, he will feel pleased.
If a person shakes hands with person Y, he will feel friendly.
If a person looks up to others, he wants to be like PersonY as a result.
If a person gets a chance to practice what he has learned, he will feel pleased.
If a person really appreciates seeing a counselor, he will feel cared for.
If a person sleeps well at night, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others go to the theater, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person convinces others to marry, he will feel successful.
A person gives MotherY some information in order to help MotherY.
If a person chose the right direction, he will feel confident.
If a person goes to a movie with friends, he will feel entertained.
If a person tells a compelling story, he will feel excited.
If a person gets an answer to a question, he will feel satisfied.
If a person values others’s advice, he wants to follow PersonY’s advice.
A person goes back to his mother's house in order to spend time with his mother.
A person attempts to solve problem in order to be able to solve problems.
If a person considers his reasons, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person holds a hot cup of coffee, he will feel warm.
If a person believes that he is falling behind, he wants to get ahead.
If a person begins to improve, he will feel hopeful.
If a person and others find a solution, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person learns how to do something, he will feel competent.
A person buys others a treat in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person wants to cheer others up, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person went on an expedition in order to discover new things.
If a person learns to rely on himself, he will feel self-confident.
If a person gets better at reading, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks about her past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person approaches others's table in order to meet PersonY.
If a person begins using drugs, he gets addicted as a result.
If a person hears a noise at night, he wants to investigate.
If a person keeps a cool head, he will feel strong.
If a person questions her husband, he wants to know the truth.
A person leaves to start a new business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person is practicing meditation, he wants to be more relaxed.
If a person is blessed with good fortune, he is happy as a result.
If a person feels welcome, he feels happy as a result.
If a person works very hard on an essay, he wants to do better on the essay.
If a person has an internal conflict, he will feel frustrated.
A person pays for a course in order to learn something new.
A person teaches others things in order to help PersonY.
A person invests in others’s business in order to help PersonY.
If a person feels strongly about something, he decides to do something about it as a result.
A person writes a short note in order to express his feelings.
A person calls others on a cellphone in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
A person and others make a trip to go camping in order to be outdoors.
If a person experiences an unfavorable outcome, he feels bad as a result.
If a person cleans up his act, he is more disciplined as a result.
If a person talks to others’s family, he learns about PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person becomes the man of the house, he is respected by his parents as a result.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he wants to use the opportunity.
If a person carries out the job, he gets paid as a result.
If a person tries to understand the situation, he learns to understand as a result.
A person decides it is time to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person studies the piano, he wants to play the piano.
If a person learns to appreciate the small things, he wants to enjoy the moment.
If a person asks a few questions, he wants to know more.
A person gets up and makes breakfast in order to start the day.
If a person invites others to live with her, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person gets started on work in order to get his work done.
A person looks others up on the internet in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person decides to make good, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds it interesting, he wants to know more.
A person checks the label in order to know if the label is genuine.
If a person's hope is rewarded, he will feel happy.
A person will go to a friend's house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person comes back and gets the job, he will feel happy.
If a person is very busy at work, he will feel rushed.
If a person seems to have a plan, he will feel in control.
If a person finds something very interesting, he becomes very excited as a result.
If a person learns a new thing, he is able to do something new as a result.
If a person wonders about Life, he wants to learn more about Life.
If a person becomes sad, he wants to feel better.
A person makes a fuss over others in order to show PersonY how much he cares.
A person avoids having a serious discussion in order to avoid conflict.
If a person talks about what happened, he is heard by others as a result.
If a person made an appointment to make it happen, he will feel determined.
If a person cuts a swath through others's ranks, he will feel victorious.
If a person changes his attitude, he wants to be a nicer person.
If a person finds a part-time job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person investigates the box, he wants to see what's inside.
If a person finds out something has gone wrong, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person gets rewarded for it, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives a thank-you note, he will feel pleased.
If a person is tiring, he wants to rest.
A person makes plans to have dinner in order to have dinner with his family.
A person resolves an issue in order to make the situation better.
A person joins an exercise class in order to stay healthy.
If a person is convinced by his mother, he wants to do what his mother says.
If a person gets his car fixed, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to leave the table in order to be independent.
If a person sets up business, he is making money as a result.
If a person explains this and that, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person is afraid of leaving the house, he will feel anxious.
A person gives others a phone call in order to help PersonY.
If a person follows through on a promise, he will feel happy.
A person takes on others’s problems in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds a band of marauders, he wants to find the bandits.
If a person sits down to watch the game, he will feel comfortable.
If a person makes a contract, he wants to keep his promise.
A person finally visits his mother in order to be close to his mother.
If a person is a very good friend, he is liked by his friends as a result.
If a person sticks to her roots, he will feel grounded.
If a person dislikes others's actions, he wants to make PersonY stop.
If a person rethinks his or her life, he wants to do something different.
If a person sits down in the recliner, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person finds the apartment’s music objectionable, he wants to change the music.
If a person persuades others to paint a picture, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks of the perfect story, he will feel excited.
If a person suffers a beating, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person has a wonderful evening, he will feel joyful.
If a person enjoys his breakfast, he will feel content.
If a person receives the reward, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets what she needs, he will feel successful.
If a person dictates what it means, he will feel in control.
If a person gets to know others better, he will feel closer.
A person moves to peer through the peephole in order to see what is going on.
If a person visits his relatives, he learns about his family as a result.
If a person had a good night's sleep, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person tries to open a door in order to be able to leave the house.
If a person feels a great loyalty to others, he wants to do everything PersonY says.
If a person does not like working late, he wants to work less.
If a person has a tiff with others, he will feel irritated.
If a person enjoys a walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person devises a unique method of enjoying the evening, he will feel pleased.
A person reads the will in order to know what the will says.
If a person creates a cool display, he will feel accomplished.
If a person joins a library, he wants to study.
If a person has to get the money, he will feel determined.
If a person made a welcome speech, he was praised by the audience as a result.
If a person reaches an important goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person attends meditation class, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes involved in the conversation, he will feel intrigued.
If a person gets his things together, he will feel accomplished.
A person tries to get in touch with others in order to know how PersonY is doing.
If a person has come home, he wants to see his family.
If a person makes the most of it, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to do a task in order to be successful.
If a person visits with family, he will feel comfortable.
If a person reads a lot of books, he will feel motivated.
A person looks for somewhere to move to in order to be in a new environment.
A person helps others to have a good day in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person feels depressed, he wants to feel better.
A person gets ready for the exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person has too much on his mind, he will feel anxious.
If a person is loved for his actions, he will feel happy.
A person takes his father to the park in order to spend time with his father.
If a person thinks of a joke, he wants to tell the joke.
If a person holds a position for years, he will feel confident.
If a person accepts responsibilities, he wants to be a responsible person.
If a person steps in dogshit, he is covered in dogshit as a result.
A person applies to a new job in order to be successful.
A person tells others about her plans in order to be able to share her plans with PersonY.
A person puts things together in order to make things better.
If a person and others sleep well, he will feel relaxed.
If a person feels guilty about his crime, he wants to feel better.
If a person is a sponge for knowledge, he is well-read as a result.
A person participates in an athletic event in order to be fit.
If a person visits his mother every day, he will feel close.
If a person makes love, he will feel satisfied.
If a person becomes aware of a threat, he wants to do something about it.
A person takes his dog to the vet in order to be sure his dog is healthy.
A person reads numerous books in order to learn.
If a person’s marriage improves, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is successful at work, he will feel happy.
A person checks for a pulse in order to be sure that the patient is alive.
If a person begins therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person has a winning streak, he will feel confident.
If a person trains 4 times a day, he is seen as dedicated.
A person knows he has to go to work in order to make money.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to feel better.
If a person is interested in the dispute, he wants to resolve the dispute.
If a person learns to swim, he gets better at swimming as a result.
If a person dances to the fast beat, he will feel energized.
If a person is used to it, he will feel calm.
If a person decides to take a shower, he will feel clean.
If a person wonders where the money is, he wants to find the money.
A person makes a follow-up call in order to get more information.
If a person is made to feel very bad, he will feel ashamed.
If a person dines out at a good restaurant, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to make peace, he will feel hopeful.
A person repairs a damaged chair in order to make the chair useful.
If a person spends time with her family, he has a good relationship with her family as a result.
If a person can't withstand others's attack, he is injured as a result.
If a person struggles to find a word, he will feel puzzled.
If a person gets fed, he will feel full.
A person studies the sky in order to learn more about the stars.
A person develops a routine in order to be consistent.
If a person thinks someone is following him, he wants to be safe.
If a person finds a girlfriend, he will feel happy.
If a person is completely organized, he will feel in control.
If a person promises to study hard, he wants to get good grades.
If a person works hard on the next book, he wants to finish the book.
If a person reflects on his past, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person uses her powers for good, he saves a life as a result.
A person readies for combat in order to be ready for a new task.
A person tries to think like others in order to learn from PersonY.
A person pays money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person achieves her objective, he feels happy as a result.
If a person doesn’t know what to do, he will feel uncertain.
If a person decides to adopt, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a can-do attitude, he wants to do more things.
If a person gives others a warm hug, he feels happy as a result.
If a person develops a new theory, he wants to share his new theory.
If a person is dissatisfied with the result, he wants to change the situation.
If a person thinks others has a weapon, he wants to find out if PersonY has a weapon.
If a person undergoes tests, he wants to know the results.
A person plays music on the street in order to express himself.
If a person finally finds work, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others take a trip to the movies, he and PersonY get a good time as a result.
A person e-mails others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person jogs around the park, he gets fit as a result.
If a person is amazed by the result, he wants to see the effect again.
If a person performs very well, he will feel confident.
If a person calls his own attention to it, he will feel curious.
If a person breaks some bones, he will feel in pain.
If a person is hugged, he feels loved as a result.
If a person and others go to market, he wants to buy something.
If a person gets a real job, he will feel successful.
If a person buys a new phone, he is happy with his new phone as a result.
A person suggests a topic for a presentation in order to give a good presentation.
If a person plans the wedding, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets agreeing to a bet, he wants to cancel the bet.
A person takes care of an old man in order to be kind.
If a person enjoys this, he will feel relaxed.
A person practices an art in order to be a good artist.
If a person reconnects with others, he will feel joyful.
If a person goes to a medium, he is helped by the medium as a result.
If a person discovers something unsettling, he wants to investigate.
If a person wins a prize, he will feel pleased.
A person trains others in a combat sport in order to teach PersonY how to defend himself.
A person takes on a day job in order to earn money.
A person tries to decide whether it is good or bad in order to be able to make a decision.
A person takes an English class in order to improve her English.
If a person learns of some good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks over possibilities, he will feel curious.
If a person eats a feast, he will feel full.
If a person acts professionally, he will feel competent.
A person stops the argument in order to avoid a fight.
If a person works hard to save money, he will feel determined.
A person offers others a deal in order to help PersonY.
If a person made a grave mistake, he has to pay for it as a result.
A person continues to go to the doctor for treatment in order to be well.
If a person improves his lifestyle, he will feel content.
If a person continues to work out, he gets fitter as a result.
If a person and others have some time off, he and PersonY are relaxed as a result.
If a person is going to see someone about an injury, he wants to be healed.
A person puts the item back on the shelf in order to keep the item in the correct place.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he will feel content.
A person chooses the right words in order to express herself clearly.
If a person is an excellent dresser, he is proud of his new look as a result.
If a person explores their lust, he will feel excited.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he wants to enjoy herself more.
If a person goes for a ride in a sports car, he will feel excited.
If a person convinces others to do it, he will feel in control.
If a person takes deep breaths, he gets more relaxed as a result.
If a person drinks lots of wine, he will feel intoxicated.
A person visited the museum in order to learn more about the museum.
If a person spends time with others’s family, he likes PersonY’s family as a result.
A person packs in a hurry in order to get ready for a trip.
If a person practices at the firing range, he gets better at shooting as a result.
If a person writes down things others has said, he remembers what PersonY said as a result.
If a person finds others's conduct objectionable, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
A person participates in activism in order to make a difference.
If a person takes the medal, he will feel pleased.
If a person's response is favorable, he will feel happy.
If a person suddenly realizes the error of his ways, he repents as a result.
A person speaks to others at the party in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person is unhappy with the reaction, he wants to change the situation.
If a person was in the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he wants to be more independent.
A person thinks of going to therapy in order to improve her life.
A person showers at home in order to feel clean.
If a person receives a special gift, he will feel delighted.
A person tries to get the job in order to be successful.
If a person visits her childhood home, he wants to see her family.
If a person was offended, he was angry as a result.
If a person worries about the crayon marks, he wants to get rid of the crayon marks.
If a person takes over house, he will feel in charge.
If a person gets it off the shelves, he will feel satisfied.
If a person knits every day, he will feel productive.
If a person ponders what others will say, he wants to hear what PersonY has to say.
If a person likes singing and has a good voice, he wants to sing in front of an audience.
If a person listens to an amazing concert, he will feel excited.
If a person is rich in knowledge, he is smart as a result.
If a person has trouble meeting a deadline, he will feel anxious.
If a person has many acquaintances, he will feel accepted.
If a person completes her journey, he will feel accomplished.
If a person manages to solve the problem, he will feel successful.
If a person has a real good time, he will feel happy.
If a person deals with his issues, he wants to get over his issues.
A person writes a letter to someone in order to express her feelings.
If a person is interested in others's children, he wants to spend time with PersonY's children.
A person provides food for guests in order to help guests.
If a person considers the option, he will feel curious.
A person writes a note in order to express her feelings.
If a person creates a new life for herself, he will feel free.
If a person does some experimenting, he learns something new as a result.
If a person realizes that he has made a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person grabs a bite to eat, he will feel full.
If a person helps to clean up, he will feel helpful.
If a person wants to learn about Problem Solving, he learns to solve problems as a result.
If a person is the head of a family, he will feel in charge.
If a person stays calm in bad situations, he doesn’t panic as a result.
A person puts on the covers in order to be warm.
If a person checks into hospital, he wants to get better.
If a person falls down a mountainside, he is injured as a result.
If a person has a good meeting, he will feel successful.
If a person has a fun idea, he wants to do the idea.
If a person considers all options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person amasses a fortune, he will feel successful.
If a person fears for its safety, he wants to protect it.
If a person and others play all day, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person trains for a run in order to be fit.
If a person works on an important project, he wants to finish the project.
If a person finds the job he's been looking for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stops to chat with others, he will feel interested.
A person puts an end to a quarrel in order to avoid conflict.
If a person did it with flare, he will feel accomplished.
A person places others on mailing list in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person receives a mysterious call, he will feel curious.
A person visits Professor Y in order to talk to Professor Y.
A person makes time to exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person enjoys the sunset, he will feel content.
If a person's head is cut open, he will feel in pain.
If a person gives a dance, he will feel good.
A person looks it up on the Internet in order to find out more about the topic.
If a person gets to the main point, he will feel successful.
If a person loves the wild outdoors, he enjoys hiking as a result.
If a person wins a local competition, he will feel confident.
A person makes her way over to others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person has to think carefully, he will feel alert.
If a person starts boxing, he gets fit as a result.
If a person puts on good clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person is doing well, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a better offer, he will feel pleased.
If a person does not hide things from others, he is honest with PersonY as a result.
If a person can't deal with it, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person reaches the end of his rope, he wants to get out of the situation.
A person talks to the host in order to meet the host.
If a person moves on to be a lawyer, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fights a losing battle, he will feel defeated.
If a person is a member of the general public, he will feel accepted.
If a person asks his manager for a raise, he gets a raise as a result.
If a person brushes his teeth before going to bed, he will feel clean.
If a person has an evening out, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a new mate, he is pleased as a result.
If a person has been given everything he needs, he will feel content.
If a person feels she is being watched, he will feel tense.
A person feeds the dog in order to take care of the dog.
If a person brushes his teeth, he will feel clean.
If a person gets into a heated argument, he will feel annoyed.
If a person comes up with a solution, he will feel competent.
A person asks others a question in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person practices an art form, he improves her skills as a result.
If a person is exposed to a new culture, he becomes more culturally aware as a result.
If a person suffers from heartache, he wants to feel better.
A person starts to solve problem in order to do his best.
A person puts on a good show in order to impress his audience.
If a person explores his surroundings, he becomes more curious as a result.
If a person starts arguing with others, he will feel angry.
If a person listens to others’s opinion, he respects PersonY’s opinion as a result.
If a person has a few laughs, he will feel happy.
A person picks up the dog's bowl in order to make sure the dog has food.
If a person seeks first-hand information, he learns about an event as a result.
If a person and others live a better life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person carries out the instructions, he will feel obedient.
If a person slips into the chair, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finally finds what he's looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person is sick in bed, he will feel miserable.
If a person wants to change his style, he wants to dress differently.
If a person snags some fish, he will feel satisfied.
If a person becomes dissatisfied, he wants to be satisfied.
If a person exercises to relieve stress, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person learns something in school, he will feel enlightened.
If a person gets paid what she asked for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets up to speed, he will feel focused.
If a person convinces others to drop the charges, he will feel victorious.
If a person wins often, he will feel good.
If a person has a disturbing dream, he will feel scared.
If a person prepares for a new event, he will feel motivated.
If a person cries in private, he wants to be alone.
If a person takes a painting class, he improves his painting skills as a result.
If a person discovers something unsettling, he will feel upset.
A person listens to others in the graveyard in order to understand what PersonY is saying.
If a person believes what he does, he wants to do what he believes.
If a person enjoys a tasty treat, he will feel happy.
If a person gets his foot back, he will feel relieved.
A person fixes a bike in order to make the bike better.
If a person decides to make a call, he wants to talk to a friend.
If a person thinks that something is not clear, he wants to ask a question.
If a person uses his knowledge, he will feel intelligent.
If a person focuses on detail, he will feel organized.
If a person addresses others, he wants to tell PersonY something.
If a person pass a difficult test, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes eating there, he will feel satisfied.
If a person spends time with her family, he feels closer to her family as a result.
If a person takes a quiet walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person turns up his music, he will feel happy.
A person attends a meeting with his family in order to be part of his family.
A person stays in school in order to be a good student.
If a person resolves a dispute, he will feel happy.
If a person practices every day, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person joins the crew, he gets to know the crew as a result.
If a person goes to choir practice, he is able to sing as a result.
If a person makes a charitable donation, he will feel good.
If a person drinks an expensive liqueur, he becomes intoxicated as a result.
If a person follows a strategy, he wants to win.
A person takes on a lot of work in order to make money.
If a person visits the beach, he has fun at the beach as a result.
A person cleans the office in order to make the office presentable.
If a person completes treatment, he gets better as a result.
If a person thinks of an interesting reply, he will feel clever.
If a person learns a new trade, he wants to work at a new job.
If a person attempts to discern information, he wants to know more.
A person works harder than ever in order to succeed.
If a person is good with money, he is financially secure as a result.
If a person buys a flat, he is pleased with the flat as a result.
If a person has a chat with personY, he will feel connected.
If a person finds an unusual computer game, he wants to play the game.
If a person joins a writers’ group, he is inspired to write as a result.
If a person reads the textbook, he learns the material as a result.
If a person's emotions are in turmoil, he will feel anxious.
If a person has a disagreement with a friend, he will feel upset.
A person follows others's gaze in order to see what PersonY is looking at.
If a person buys a vehicle, he will feel happy.
A person gets involved in the investigation in order to help solve the case.
If a person performs a well-rehearsed speech, he is seen as confident.
A person cleans up the floor in order to be neat.
If a person is successful in an event, he will feel proud.
If a person assumes control, he will feel powerful.
If a person finds the right one, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets his way, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person leads an adventurous life, he has a great time as a result.
If a person works out a problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes an exciting discovery, he will feel happy.
If a person organizes the events of the day, he will feel in control.
If a person puts a house in order, he will feel pleased.
If a person sits down for a moment, he will feel comfortable.
If a person practices a lot to get better, he wants to be the best.
If a person is capable of doing, he will feel confident.
If a person agrees to buy the house, he will feel happy.
If a person has difficulty meeting deadlines, he will feel stressed.
If a person trains in martial arts, he learns to defend himself as a result.
If a person studies a lot, he will feel challenged.
If a person and others go to the circus, he is entertained as a result.
A person plays with the kitten in order to spend time with the kitten.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he wants to change the situation.
If a person hears a horror story, he will feel upset.
If a person lets go of his fears, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to get help, he feels better as a result.
If a person watches the concert, he will feel entertained.
A person deals with a customer's problem in order to help the customer.
If a person sees that others is absent, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person tries to teach the kids, he is seen as a good teacher.
If a person studies for tomorrow's exam, he will feel focused.
A person practiced caution in order to avoid getting hurt.
If a person is kind to someone, he will feel good.
A person practices her ballet in order to improve her skills.
A person discusses others with others in order to be able to tell others about PersonY.
If a person respects the command, he wants to do what he is told.
If a person has a good date, he will feel happy.
If a person gets his paperwork in order, he will feel competent.
If a person becomes smitten with others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person has a dialogue with others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person commits to a new enterprise, he wants to get the job done.
If a person studies life, he will feel focused.
If a person practices reading, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes a training course, he will feel accomplished.
If a person tries few foods, he will feel interested.
If a person gains friends, he will feel pleased.
A person visits the graveyard in order to pay his respects.
If a person tries to express herself, he learns to speak up as a result.
If a person gets a feel for the task, he is seen as efficient.
If a person sees something strange, he wants to investigate.
A person takes care of the guest in order to make sure the guest is happy.
If a person sings to the tune of a song, he will feel happy.
If a person sees a really good concert, he will feel amazed.
If a person becomes a member of the clergy, he will feel spiritual.
If a person got a good job, he earns a good salary as a result.
A person rejoins the team in order to help the team.
A person has a long bath in order to relax.
A person talks to someone in order to have a conversation.
A person asks others to call a doctor in order to get help.
If a person agrees to others's plan, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person regrets her choices, he wants to do things differently.
A person makes a solemn promise in order to be true to his word.
A person takes matters into his own hands in order to be independent.
If a person has a new perspective on life, he feels better about himself as a result.
If a person visits the seaside, he is inspired by the sea as a result.
If a person attempts to learn how to dance, he wants to dance more.
If a person accepts an offer from others, he wants to work for PersonY.
A person stops to visit relatives in order to be close to his family.
If a person thinks the trip is worthwhile, he wants to do the trip again.
If a person starts again, he will feel motivated.
A person is self-employed in order to be independent.
If a person decides to make things better, he will feel optimistic.
If a person settles an old score, he will feel satisfied.
A person establishes a fair system in order to ensure everyone gets what they deserve.
If a person makes a pile of money, he will feel wealthy.
A person starts to shoot in order to hit the target.
A person celebrates others’s success in order to be happy for PersonY.
If a person manages to show how it works, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person deserves this, he will feel satisfied.
A person creates her own business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person has a successful business, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person is praised, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues to have a good life, he will feel happy.
If a person questions his path, he wants to choose a different path.
A person changes the topic in order to talk about something else.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he wants to be a better person.
If a person let someone down, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person attends the lecture, he learns something new as a result.
If a person cooks others a special meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes good choices, he will feel confident.
If a person gets his way, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts going out with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets better and better, he will feel confident.
If a person gets blamed for it, he gets in trouble as a result.
If a person makes a profit, he will feel pleased.
A person goes in to others's office in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person builds an extension to his house, he wants to live in a bigger house.
If a person gets in a fight with others, he will feel angry.
If a person takes an interest in others's work, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person develops a social life, he will feel free.
If a person does something responsible, he will feel good.
If a person likes others's cooking, he will feel happy.
If a person places an order at the restaurant, he is served his meal as a result.
If a person is the best person for the job, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks about what he or she has done, he feels bad as a result.
If a person does something special, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to school for a degree, he will feel motivated.
If a person feels completely relaxed, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person and others settle down, he will feel relaxed.
If a person begins therapy, he feels better as a result.
A person and others goes to the gym in order to exercise and PersonY wants to get in shape.
If a person sees a suspicious person, he wants to investigate.
A person reads the whole thing again in order to understand the whole thing.
If a person begins to suspect something, he wants to find out what is going on.
A person takes the shower in order to feel clean.
If a person thinks that others is extremely intelligent, he is very impressed by PersonY as a result.
If a person performs a good deed, he will feel pleased.
If a person enters the supermarket, he wants to buy some food.
If a person plans out everything, he will feel organized.
If a person reads philosophy, he will feel interested.
If a person tries to stick it out, he stays in the relationship as a result.
A person musters up the courage to say something in order to express his feelings.
If a person regrets his decisions, he wants to go back in time and change his decisions.
If a person enjoys the movie, he wants to see the movie again.
If a person suffers an unhappy marriage, he will feel miserable.
If a person makes time to exercise, he will feel energized.
A person searches the Web for information in order to be informed.
If a person examines the objects, he will feel interested.
If a person moves around the city, he gets to know the city as a result.
If a person and others are both being sick, he will feel miserable.
A person sets out for work in order to be productive.
If a person works on their relationship, he wants to have a better relationship.
If a person will go to a party, he will have fun as a result.
If a person just can’t take it any more, he wants to quit.
If a person is cut by a knife, he will feel in pain.
If a person is a respected member of society, he is popular as a result.
If a person takes a piano lesson, he improves his piano skills as a result.
If a person begins a workout, he will feel energized.
If a person takes a fast bath, he will feel refreshed.
If a person starts attending classes, he is a full-time student as a result.
If a person takes a quick shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person gets some bad news, he is upset as a result.
If a person throws up all over himself, he is covered in vomit as a result.
If a person cleans the place up, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to confront the situation, he wants to solve the problem.
A person invites friends to a party in order to be social.
If a person learns a new game, he wants to play it.
A person works with the police in order to help the police.
If a person, being too hasty, suffers, he regrets his decision as a result.
If a person eats very well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person chews on an apple, he will feel content.
If a person admits guilt, he will feel ashamed.
If a person receives attention, he will feel valued.
If a person stays calm in bad situations, he will feel confident.
If a person is hired for the job, he will feel happy.
A person checks things out in order to know more about the situation.
If a person becomes injured, he is in pain as a result.
A person learns to put food on the table in order to be self sufficient.
A person tries to maintain one’s balance in order to avoid a fall.
A person repairs the ship in order to make the ship seaworthy.
If a person realizes that something is not quite right, he will feel alarmed.
If a person helps solve a problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person relaxes in the bathtub, he will feel content.
If a person re-arranges the living room, he will feel organized.
If a person will no longer tolerate, he wants to leave.
A person begins to work in order to earn money.
If a person gives his wife a kiss, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets all the rest she wants, he will feel refreshed.
If a person prepares for class, he will feel motivated.
If a person owes others an apology, he wants to make amends.
If a person decides to live a good life, he will feel content.
If a person cares about his friends, he wants to help his friends.
If a person gets rid of the dead weight, he will feel accomplished.
A person begins a study of history in order to be more knowledgeable.
A person cleans 's room in order to make the room presentable.
If a person takes the time to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person toasts with everyone, he will feel happy.
If a person learns a new dance step, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is upset with himself, he will feel ashamed.
If a person tries to be friends, he becomes friends with someone as a result.
A person decides to stop smoking in order to be healthy.
If a person looks for a way to help others, he finds a way to help PersonY as a result.
If a person wishes to continue, he continues to work as a result.
If a person has a good time in New York, he will feel content.
If a person lives by a schedule, he will feel controlled.
A person changes others's apartment in order to improve PersonY's living conditions.
If a person and others meet up for a drink, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person does some digging, he uncovers some information as a result.
If a person is feeling threatened, he wants to be safe.
If a person has plans for the future, he will feel motivated.
If a person interviews personY, he will feel intrigued.
If a person solves his problem, he will feel relieved.
If a person builds a big business, he makes a lot of money as a result.
If a person finds a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
A person corrects her mistakes in order to improve.
If a person does something nice for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person endures a painful experience, he will feel miserable.
A person begs to go home in order to be close to his family.
A person continues to deal with in order to solve the problem.
If a person accepts others’s congratulations, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits the seaside, he will feel relaxed.
A person and others went to school in order to get an education.
If a person arrives at a conclusion, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is fed up with mistreatment, he wants to stand up for himself.
If a person takes others to soccer practice, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person meets people in order to be social.
A person stops others's purpose in order to stop PersonY from doing something bad.
A person works as hard as others in order to be as good as PersonY.
If a person is meditating, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person speaks to the husband, he gets the husband to talk as a result.
If a person regrets her behavior, he wants to apologize.
If a person encourages himself, he will feel inspired.
If a person likes having her own space, he will feel content.
If a person overhears things, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person is unhappy about the situation, he wants to change the situation.
If a person gets along with everybody, he will feel happy.
If a person attended a celebration, he will feel joyous.
If a person trains for a run, he will feel determined.
If a person checks his or her financial statements, he wants to know how much money he or she has.
A person makes a call in order to be in touch with someone.
If a person makes a bunch of money, he will feel successful.
If a person treats others to a nice meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person is enjoying others's company, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has no clue what to do, he will feel confused.
A person discusses the problem with her parents in order to solve the problem.
If a person goes on a family vacation, he gets to know his family as a result.
If a person has compassion, he wants to help others.
If a person continues her research, he will feel determined.
If a person studies the dossier, he wants to find out more about the case.
If a person receives kindness from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person walks away with dignity, he will feel confident.
If a person has his troubles, he wants to solve his problems.
A person moves out of his parents' house in order to be independent.
A person leaves his room in order to go outside.
If a person is studying for an exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person does everything others told them to do, he will feel obedient.
If a person goes to church in the morning, he is an active member of the church as a result.
If a person gets it off, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a lovely day, he will feel peaceful.
If a person goes to the show, he will feel amused.
If a person gains others's affection, he wants to be liked by PersonY.
If a person begins a search, he will feel determined.
If a person convinces others to quit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a good time, he will feel content.
A person wants to give a present to others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person studies for school in order to be a good student.
A person turns in homework on time in order to be a good student.
If a person tries to wake up early, he will feel motivated.
If a person visits their neighbor, he gets to know their neighbor as a result.
If a person draws with crayons, he will feel creative.
If a person goes on a joyride, he will feel exhilarated.
If a person is fed up with the surroundings, he wants to move.
If a person hangs out in a coffee shop, he gets to know other people as a result.
If a person finds out more, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person has a pleasant evening, he will feel relaxed.
If a person speaks at length, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person takes a morning run, he will feel energetic.
If a person drinks the beer, he will feel refreshed.
If a person sticks to his beliefs, he will feel confident.
If a person wonders how much trouble others is, he wants to find out.
A person feeds her dogs in order to keep her dogs happy.
If a person gets good advice from others, he will feel supported.
A person goes on a week-long holiday in order to relax.
A person's attention remains focused in order to complete a task.
If a person is beginning to argue, he gets angry as a result.
If a person begins to suspect something, he wants to investigate.
If a person decides to go ahead, he will feel confident.
If a person keeps up-to-date on the news, he becomes more informed as a result.
A person plans to leave in order to start a new life.
If a person gets attention, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gets good advice, he will feel wise.
A person invests money in others’s company in order to help PersonY.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is morally offended, he wants to do something about it.
If a person struggles to study, he will feel frustrated.
If a person works in a room with other people, he learns to work with others as a result.
If a person achieves her objective, he is pleased as a result.
If a person wonders whether others is making a mistake, he wants to make sure PersonY is doing the right thing.
If a person studies different opinions, he is more informed as a result.
If a person believes he has lost it, he wants to find it.
If a person undertakes a new endeavor, he will feel determined.
If a person speaks up at the meeting, he will feel assertive.
If a person suffers because of it, he is depressed as a result.
If a person watches a film, he is entertained as a result.
If a person goes dancing with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person claims the reward, he will feel triumphant.
If a person had some information, he wants to share it.
A person drives to work with others in order to help PersonY.
A person switches from one channel to another in order to watch different programs.
If a person goes to an AA meeting, he will feel sober.
If a person dances freely, he will feel happy.
If a person learns about ghosts, he wants to learn more about ghosts.
If a person likes it here, he will feel relaxed.
A person checks the measurements in order to make sure the measurements are correct.
If a person is a terrible person, he is disliked by others as a result.
If a person gets something from the store, he is happy as a result.
If a person reads a book on driving, he will feel interested.
A person listens for a long time in order to understand.
If a person makes plans to visit his family, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys himself at a party, he will feel relaxed.
If a person hears a noise, he wants to find out what is making the noise.
If a person wins the event, he is pleased as a result.
If a person picks up the pace, he will feel determined.
A person shares his music in order to make his music heard.
A person completes a list in order to get things done.
If a person and others tell each other jokes, he and PersonY laugh as a result.
A person takes on his own responsibilities in order to be independent.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he will feel calm.
If a person cares about something, he wants to do something about it.
If a person wins the grand prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person listens to the instruction, he will feel attentive.
A person tries not to get angry in order to avoid conflict.
If a person wears clean clothes, he is neat as a result.
A person went to the doctor's in order to be healthy.
A person sends a personalized card to someone in order to show his appreciation.
If a person forms a relationship with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person speaks with a good voice, he will feel confident.
If a person goes to the cafeteria, he gets a meal as a result.
If a person asks an unexpected question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person begins to apply his knowledge, he wants to learn more.
If a person starts going to bed early, he will feel rested.
If a person helps in a neighborhood crisis, he will feel useful.
If a person practices karate, he gets better at karate as a result.
If a person learns better, he wants to learn more.
If a person finally does the right thing, he will feel relieved.
If a person sees in the future, he wants to know what will happen.
A person proceeds to the family dinner in order to be part of the family.
A person took a job working at a theatre in order to be part of the theatre community.
A person takes the ring to court in order to prove that he is the rightful owner of the ring.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel relieved.
If a person watches a kung fu movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person realizes that he or she will be late, he wants to be on time.
If a person looks up a problem, he wants to find a solution.
If a person plans to lead an active life, he will feel energized.
If a person goes to the drugstore for others, he buys medicine for PersonY as a result.
If a person and others fall for each other, he wants to date PersonY.
If a person goes for a morning jog, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person discovers new methods, he improves his methods as a result.
A person trains kendo in order to improve his skills.
If a person is put in a difficult position, he will feel stressed.
If a person takes the example of others, he wants to do what PersonY does.
If a person convinces others to do something, he will feel pleased.
A person follows up with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person discovers he can’t pay his bills, he will feel worried.
If a person gets a call from a friend, he wants to talk to his friend.
If a person plays well with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits a place for the first time, he will feel curious.
If a person is now on the path to success, he will feel hopeful.
If a person regrets a mistake, he wants to make amends.
If a person does something wonderful, he will feel happy.
A person tries to put on makeup in order to look nice.
If a person gets tickets to a Broadway show, he is happy as a result.
A person stops by others’s in order to check on PersonY.
If a person spends a night at home, he will feel at home.
If a person gets hurt in a car accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person is in the right place, he will feel confident.
If a person succeeds, he will feel happy.
If a person has done something wrong, he will feel guilty.
A person studies every night in order to be a good student.
If a person gets rid of some useless stuff, he will feel free.
If a person dances with a cute girl, he will feel happy.
A person takes others to a park in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person watches basketball on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person faces an ethical dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
If a person bakes a cake again, he will feel pleased.
If a person loves his child, he wants to spend time with his child.
If a person creates a masterpiece, he will feel pleased.
If a person beats others in a competition, he will feel triumphant.
If a person goes out for a meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes for a walk in the park, he will feel happy.
If a person has some work to do, he wants to get it done.
If a person convinces others to give a talk, he will feel happy.
A person follows the new boyfriend in order to see what the new boyfriend is like.
If a person tells others that she looks great, he will feel pleased.
If a person rises in his class, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to be more assertive, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks about trying out for the team, he will feel hopeful.
If a person is impressed by what he sees, he wants to see more.
If a person settles on a solution, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes a well-known author, he receives awards as a result.
If a person regains control, he will feel confident.
A person consults an attorney in order to know his rights.
If a person joins the winning team, he is happy as a result.
A person calls a helpline in order to get some help.
If a person receives medication, he will feel cared for.
If a person pledges an oath, he wants to keep his promise.
A person read the book in order to know more about the book.
If a person is confident of winning, he will feel excited.
A person travels a lot in order to see the world.
A person is about to say something in order to express her feelings.
If a person decides to continue, he will feel confident.
If a person listens to music on the phone, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes care of themselves, he feels good about themselves as a result.
If a person got a good job, he is happy as a result.
A person begins the conversation in order to talk to someone.
If a person corrects errors, he will feel good.
If a person buys a piece of jewelry, he will feel pleased.
If a person is going to get into a fight, he will feel angry.
If a person has an ovation, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits a nearby village, he will feel connected.
If a person gets ready for a journey, he is excited about the journey as a result.
A person talks to their therapist in order to be open with their therapist.
If a person rakes in the profits, he is happy as a result.
A person continues his education in order to learn more.
If a person gets tickets to a ball game, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes increasingly distracted, he loses focus as a result.
If a person starts to deal with the matter, he will feel ready.
A person prepares a long-term plan in order to achieve his goals.
If a person faces his fears, he gets over his fears as a result.
A person presents someone with a gift in order to make someone happy.
If a person grows closer to others's family, he wants to spend more time with PersonY's family.
A person discusses plans for the evening in order to be prepared for the evening.
If a person gets along with others's parents, he will feel accepted.
If a person increases wealth, he will feel successful.
If a person ponders others’s question, he will feel curious.
If a person looks up a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person makes progress on the problem in order to solve the problem.
If a person finds himself in difficulty, he will feel upset.
If a person tucks into bed, he will feel warm.
If a person has a bad day at work, he will feel disappointed.
If a person notices others more, he is interested in PersonY as a result.
If a person finds someone attractive, he wants to be with that person.
If a person and others enjoy a walk, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person notices there's something wrong, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person takes the offensive, he will feel powerful.
If a person will pass the exam, he will feel confident.
A person is a good planner in order to be ready for anything.
If a person does it once and for all, he will feel victorious.
A person talks about quitting her job in order to do something different.
If a person thinks about the offer, he will feel curious.
If a person always does his homework, he is a good student as a result.
A person enlists in the navy in order to serve his country.
If a person takes another shower, he will feel clean.
A person took an art class in order to be creative.
A person records the encounter in order to remember the event.
If a person plays well in the band, he will feel good.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he will feel frightened.
If a person can't fall asleep, he will feel restless.
If a person finally gets some fish to eat, he feels full as a result.
If a person finds the job he's been looking for, he will feel happy.
A person starts to push in order to get his own way.
If a person buys a new motorcycle, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to enjoy, he will feel joyful.
If a person reaches the peak of success, he will feel content.
A person was talking to someone on the bus in order to have a conversation.
If a person believes she is losing her job, he will feel anxious.
If a person feels very cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person shows a lot of interest, he wants to learn more.
If a person takes on a new challenge, he will feel inspired.
If a person goes to a movie with friends, he will feel happy.
A person went to the doctor in order to get better.
A person interacts with others's brother in order to meet PersonY's brother.
If a person listens to the river, he enjoys the sound of the river as a result.
A person questions someone in order to know more about the person.
If a person sells it at a profit, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a drink with friends, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person finds a good husband, he will feel content.
If a person marries the right person, he will feel happy.
If a person has a right to be confident, he will feel powerful.
If a person starts to investigate, he wants to get to the bottom of the mystery.
If a person passes the course, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets attacked on the street, he gets injured as a result.
If a person is sad about what happened, he wants to cry.
If a person experiences freedom, he will feel peaceful.
A person visits his parent’s grave in order to remember his parents.
If a person disagrees with some details, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person marries a nice girl, he is happy as a result.
If a person enjoys her dinner, he feels full as a result.
A person tends to others's needs in order to make PersonY happy.
A person heads to the market in order to buy food.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel content.
If a person makes a fire in the fireplace, he will feel warm.
If a person plans an attack, he will feel confident.
If a person is cross with others, he is not friends with PersonY as a result.
A person prepares for a voyage in order to see the world.
If a person finally reconciles with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person is successful in doing something, he will feel happy.
If a person is wrongfully convicted, he wants to be exonerated.
If a person shows off his new car, he will feel proud.
If a person finds the proof, he will feel victorious.
If a person reunites with Emily, he and Emily are happy as a result.
If a person likes to take long walks, he gets exercise as a result.
A person heads to phone booth in order to call someone.
A person agrees to accompany others on a trip in order to help PersonY.
If a person is dressed up, he will feel cool.
If a person gets a big boost, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to start singing in choir, he enjoys singing as a result.
If a person preaches to the crowd, he is seen as convincing.
If a person receives four or more months of income, he is financially secure as a result.
If a person and others listens to music, he and PersonY enjoy the music as a result.
If a person has a very good relationship with others, he will feel content.
A person listens with care in order to be attentive.
A person thinks about starting a new job in order to earn more money.
If a person joins a special group, he feels a sense of belonging as a result.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he acts more calmly as a result.
If a person and others spend a fun evening together, he will feel happy.
A person cleans his room in order to be organized.
A person buys a ticket in order to see a movie.
If a person remains in control, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets good news from others, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets along very well with others, he will feel content.
If a person thinks things will be okay, he will feel calm.
A person agrees to write others's book in order to help PersonY.
A person performs with his band in order to show off his talents.
A person embarks on a new journey in order to make a change.
A person buys more drugs in order to continue to get high.
If a person finds something appealing, he wants to do it again.
A person sends a letter to his mother in order to keep his mother informed.
If a person reads the book in class, he learns the book as a result.
If a person takes a class to improve skills, he wants to be a better student.
A person goes back to School in order to finish her education.
If a person wants to make peace with others, he is able to make peace with PersonY as a result.
If a person stands up for her rights, he will feel brave.
If a person gains some new information, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person is fed up with working, he wants to quit.
If a person finds his prize, he will feel satisfied.
A person organizes the meeting in order to keep the meeting on track.
If a person reads texts carefully, he will feel interested.
A person goes to the psychiatrist in order to improve his mental health.
A person creates a new identity in order to start a new life.
If a person finally lives his dream, he is happy as a result.
If a person ends a successful period, he is happy as a result.
If a person talks to a new acquaintance, he will feel friendly.
If a person cuts his hand, he will feel in pain.
If a person searches for the real identity of others, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person finds the right track, he will feel accomplished.
If a person agrees to do it again, he will feel glad.
If a person attends meditation class, he gains inner peace as a result.
A person talks to a neighbor in order to have a conversation.
If a person gives a speech at a conference, he is seen as articulate.
If a person relaxes on the weekend, he will feel content.
If a person starts to learn a foreign language, he becomes fluent in a foreign language as a result.
If a person objects to others's behavior, he wants to make PersonY stop.
If a person gets new ideas, he makes new plans as a result.
If a person thinks about mountain climbing, he will feel curious.
A person works harder in order to be better.
A person carries out mission in order to complete the mission.
If a person faces a major problem, he wants to get help.
If a person cannot endure his trouble, he decides to seek help as a result.
If a person has a real good time, he is happy as a result.
If a person hears screaming, he is alarmed as a result.
If a person feels encouraged by others's work, he wants to feel inspired.
If a person is making lists, he will feel productive.
If a person continues to grow closer to others, he wants to stay friends.
If a person asks questions about, he will feel interested.
If a person takes a hot shower, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person begins to play the sport of golf, he improves his golf game as a result.
If a person spends time with her family, he will feel satisfied.
A person is about to meet others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person continues her study, he will feel motivated.
If a person studies history, he will feel curious.
If a person delivers something, he will feel competent.
If a person gains clarity, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is sick and feels cold, he wants to feel warm.
If a person beats the odds, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sings a popular song, he gets lots of attention as a result.
A person reaches for the door handle in order to get out of the house.
If a person becomes active in social welfare work, he will feel important.
If a person gets trained by a master, he is seen as smart.
If a person has a big day, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks of his own welfare, he will feel independent.
If a person tries to understand the mechanisms of something, he will feel intrigued.
If a person takes up running, he will feel inspired.
If a person explores others's motives, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person shows remorse, he wants to feel better.
If a person takes over the bakery, he will feel in charge.
A person is free to speak in order to share his ideas.
A person goes to a clinic in order to get better.
If a person regrets on his mistake, he wants to make amends.
If a person finds love on the internet, he will feel happy.
If a person catches up on current events, he will feel informed.
A person teaches to his students in order to help his students.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he will feel afraid.
If a person feels that others may be seeing someone else, he wants to know who PersonY is seeing.
If a person helps with the camera, he will feel productive.
If a person stops lying to others, he wants to tell the truth.
If a person watches the river, he is fascinated by the river as a result.
If a person always manages to find the time, he is always on time as a result.
If a person dresses nicely, he will feel attractive.
If a person and others enjoy dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns from previous mistake, he wants to do better.
If a person puts on some clothes, he will feel warm.
If a person finally sleeps well, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is offered a great job, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies personY’s mannerisms, he wants to learn more about people.
A person reports the facts in order to be fair.
If a person is growing suspicious, he wants to know what's going on.
A person decides to speak English in order to communicate with the people around him.
A person and others take their medication in order to feel better and PersonY wants to be well.
If a person has a reunion with others, he will feel happy.
If a person introduces others to new situations, he teaches PersonY new skills as a result.
If a person expects a big delivery, he will feel confident.
If a person spends some time in the desert, he gains knowledge of the desert as a result.
If a person regrets their actions, he wants to fix their mistakes.
A person will be moving away in order to be free.
If a person's dog is lost, he searches for his dog as a result.
If a person takes personY to their house, he makes personY feel at home as a result.
If a person reevaluates a decision, he will feel thoughtful.
A person goes to the office to ask for something in order to be able to get what he wants.
If a person grows from childhood to adulthood, he will feel mature.
A person and others plan to move abroad in order to travel and PersonY wants to live abroad.
If a person and others share an intimate moment, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person starts to comfort others in order to be supportive.
A person gets up for work in order to be productive.
If a person enjoys holiday with her friends, he will feel relaxed.
A person teaches the baby well in order to help the baby.
If a person finds the information, he wants to use the information.
If a person takes responsibility for his actions, he learns to be more responsible as a result.
If a person fights off attackers, he is seen as brave.
If a person doesn’t like others's habit, he wants to see PersonY stop.
If a person ponders some more, he will feel uncertain.
If a person convinces others to come with him, he will feel pleased.
A person learns a new dance step in order to be better at dancing.
If a person is encouraged to make contact, he wants to meet new people.
If a person possesses good manners, he wants to be polite.
If a person had a great time, he will feel happy.
If a person takes offense at others, he wants to hurt PersonY.
If a person becomes dissatisfied, he wants to do something different.
If a person finds a reference work, he wants to use the reference work.
If a person did something rotten, he will feel guilty.
If a person gives a show, he gets applause as a result.
A person explains the past in order to tell the truth.
If a person overcomes an addiction, he will feel victorious.
If a person begins a lengthy quarrel with others, he will feel irritated.
A person decides to call home in order to be with his family.
If a person suffers a car accident, he will feel in pain.
If a person is able to have a good dream, he will feel content.
A person continues to entertain the possibility in order to keep his options open.
If a person celebrates a holiday with friends, he will feel excited.
A person gets on with her work in order to finish her work.
If a person opens a medical manual, he learns about medical conditions as a result.
A person stops the argument in order to prevent a fight.
A person decides to do something different in order to be unique.
If a person resolves an argument, he will feel happy.
If a person has to go, he is in a hurry as a result.
If a person and others have a big argument, he will feel upset.
A person measures others's progress in order to make sure PersonY is making progress.
If a person feels horrible, he wants to feel better.
A person is very sweet to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person notices that someone's missing, he will feel concerned.
If a person contributes to household tasks, he will feel useful.
If a person is brave to others, he is praised by PersonY as a result.
If a person joins some clubs, he has fun as a result.
If a person enjoys talking to others, he will feel happy.
If a person works as a volunteer at the school, he will feel useful.
If a person asks for a salary raise, he gets a raise as a result.
If a person learns new data, he will feel enlightened.
If a person chooses to fight, he will feel brave.
If a person helps others with directions, he will feel helpful.
A person explores the secret place in order to find out what is there.
If a person does good a job, he will feel proud.
If a person makes the delivery, he will feel accomplished.
A person tells others about his family in order to share his life with PersonY.
If a person resolves an argument, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets others's expectations, he is satisfied as a result.
A person makes it to the gym in order to get fit.
A person sends out the message in order to make sure the message gets out.
If a person gets out of the shower, he will feel fresh.
If a person starts dating someone new, he will feel happy.
If a person receives some good advice, he will feel enlightened.
If a person clarifies the issue, he will feel confident.
If a person settles into a vacation, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person is winning the battle, he will feel confident.
If a person completes his job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person questions the statement, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person goes for a long walk on the beach, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person decides to see her mother in order to know more about her mother.
If a person receives very bad news, he feels sad as a result.
A person considers making a telephone call in order to be in touch with the outside world.
A person takes up sailing in order to spend more time on the water.
If a person has fallen in love, he wants to get married.
If a person is threatened by a rival, he will feel frightened.
If a person enrolls in the college, he will feel hopeful.
If a person contemplates his mortality, he will feel anxious.
A person leaves at a decent hour in order to be punctual.
If a person enjoys working with tools, he will feel content.
If a person became nervous, he wants to calm down.
If a person stands up for another person, he will feel courageous.
If a person earns some money, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains two hours a day, he will feel motivated.
If a person thinks others is honest, he trusts PersonY as a result.
If a person is afraid of being bitten by animals, he wants to be safe.
A person gets the courage to talk in order to express her feelings.
If a person enjoys his freedom, he is a happy man as a result.
A person goes to school on time in order to be a good student.
If a person works through things, he will feel focused.
If a person receives help from a stranger, he will feel supported.
If a person discusses a solution, he comes up with a solution as a result.
If a person feels that he or she is being criticized, he wants to defend himself or herself.
If a person decides to be a good person, he will feel pleased.
If a person regrets not speaking up, he wants to speak up.
If a person finally lives his dream, he will feel relieved.
If a person is writing a novel, he will feel productive.
If a person hears many music performances, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others goes to the gym, he and PersonY are in good shape as a result.
If a person does not give up easily, he will feel strong.
If a person learns from the experience, he does not repeat the mistake as a result.
If a person organizes a special birthday party, he will feel happy.
If a person explains what he does, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person comes to appreciate green vegetables, he wants to eat more vegetables.
If a person is able to go outside, he is able to play outside as a result.
If a person gets the upper hand, he will feel confident.
If a person decides what will happen next, he will feel in control.
If a person explains to others how it works, he makes PersonY understand as a result.
If a person is concerned with the children, he wants to spend time with the children.
If a person settles down in the next town, he is happy as a result.
If a person mulls over the possibilities, he will feel curious.
If a person loves and respects others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person fights for a cause, he wants to help people.
If a person has his heart torn apart, he is filled with grief as a result.
If a person spends time with the mother, he gets along with the mother as a result.
If a person learns some information, he learns more about a subject as a result.
A person tells the police what happened in order to be honest.
If a person reaches the conclusion, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reconsiders plans, he wants to make new plans.
A person owns his own place in order to be independent.
A person manages to organize in order to be efficient.
If a person puts a smile on others's face, he will feel pleased.
If a person cleans her apartment, he will feel neat.
If a person finds a new beginning, he will feel hopeful.
If a person chooses to go to the beach, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person regrets mistakes, he wants to fix his mistakes.
A person goes to a new place in order to be in a new environment.
A person takes an important step in order to make a difference.
A person speaks with others's parents in order to understand PersonY's parents.
If a person has lots of sex, he is satisfied as a result.
A person leaves for a long journey in order to see the world.
A person comes to work in order to be productive.
A person has a phone call with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person learns from past mistakes, he will feel wise.
If a person learns of a new disease, he wants to know more about the disease.
If a person goes to a dance party, he will feel happy.
A person eats his supper in order to feel full.
If a person gets hurt while climbing, he is sore as a result.
A person doodles in a notebook in order to express his creativity.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he regrets his action as a result.
If a person buys his ticket, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hears others needs help, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person begins painting again, he will feel creative.
A person takes a second to consider the way things are in order to understand the situation.
If a person enters the museum, he wants to see the exhibits.
If a person hits a high score, he will feel satisfied.
A person and others perform community service in order to be a good citizen.
If a person keeps up his appearance, he will feel neat.
If a person stops over at the bank, he withdraws money as a result.
If a person worries about health problems, he wants to get healthy.
If a person asks himself if he ought to quit, he will feel uncertain.
A person fixes it up in order to make it look nice.
If a person is confident in winning the competition, he will feel excited.
If a person has discovered a solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person plans to study for the exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person walks through a large city, he wants to see the sights.
If a person goes out to get information, he learns something as a result.
If a person gets into a fistfight, he will feel angry.
If a person meets a person of that kind, he gets to know the person as a result.
If a person laments, cries out, he wants to feel better.
If a person burns himself with the iron, he will feel in pain.
If a person is enjoying others's joke, he will feel happy.
If a person breathes more easily, he will feel refreshed.
A person tells others to come out in order PersonY to be honest.
If a person's coming home, he wants to see his family.
A person goes off by himself for a long time in order to be alone.
If a person meets one of others's children, he learns about PersonY's family as a result.
If a person is quite independent, he is able to make her own decisions as a result.
A person decided to investigate in order to find out the truth.
If a person has plans for the future, he will feel excited.
If a person makes things right with others, he will feel good.
If a person tries to avoid making mistakes, he makes fewer mistakes as a result.
A person studies the Torah in order to learn more about Judaism.
If a person is an industrious student, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets bad news, he is upset as a result.
A person goes out with the kids in order to spend time with the kids.
If a person dances on a stage, he will feel joyful.
If a person keeps his focus, he will feel determined.
If a person worries about her boyfriend, he wants to make sure he's okay.
If a person keeps eye on personY, he will feel alert.
If a person prepares for a mission, he will feel determined.
If a person treats others kindly, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person takes a trip to the movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person succeeds in business, he is happy as a result.
If a person pursues a relationship, he will feel excited.
If a person is done with something, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others find love, he wants to get married.
If a person is learning to dance, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes a success, he is happy as a result.
If a person begins to wash his hands, he will feel clean.
If a person concludes that things will be fine, he will feel relieved.
A person is others’s student in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person makes good time in traveling, he arrives at his destination as a result.
A person keeps a home, work, and school schedule in order to have a balanced life.
If a person gets compliments, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a list of errands, he will feel busy.
If a person begins to play guitar, he will feel motivated.
A person plants flowers in the garden in order to beautify the garden.
If a person worries about his presentation, he wants to work on his presentation.
If a person makes a useful discovery, he will feel happy.
If a person concocts a scheme, he will feel clever.
If a person keeps a schedule, he is disciplined as a result.
If a person is offered a high-paying job, he accepts the job as a result.
If a person becomes restless, he wants to be more active.
If a person has a miserable morning, he will feel irritated.
If a person reads a detective story, he will feel intrigued.
If a person goes to the sea with others, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person applies some cosmetics, he will feel beautiful.
A person agrees to become others’s apprentice in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person argues with the director, he will feel annoyed.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he is able to open up as a result.
A person follows directions in order to do what is expected of him.
If a person writes others a thank-you note, he will feel pleased.
If a person is successful in business, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets a chance to practice what he has learned, he will feel motivated.
A person subscribes to a newsletter in order to keep up with the latest news.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he is afraid as a result.
If a person still enjoys the situation, he wants to continue the situation.
If a person takes shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person experiences an unfavorable outcome, he will feel upset.
If a person thinks of others as a friend, he wants to hang out with PersonY.
A person leaves from home in order to travel.
If a person is hurt in a fire, he is badly burned as a result.
If a person wonders why something is not working, he wants to fix it.
If a person listens to the game on the radio, he is informed of the score as a result.
A person decides to lose weight in order to be healthy.
A person and others join the choir in order to sing and PersonY wants to be part of a group.
A person resists having others see her diary in order to keep her private thoughts private.
If a person sees a new film, he will feel entertained.
A person begins her cooking show in order to share her cooking with the world.
If a person shops for work clothes, he will feel dressed up.
If a person needs to improve something, he will feel determined.
If a person practices his golf swing, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes a clear decision, he will feel confident.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he will feel hopeful.
If a person drinks a large glass of wine, he will feel drunk.
If a person practices their skill, he will feel motivated.
If a person is worried about the children, he wants to help the children.
If a person acknowledges others's advice, he wants to take PersonY's advice.
If a person is haunted by a recurring nightmare, he will feel frightened.
If a person and others had a disagreement, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person faces a bad situation, he will feel upset.
If a person wins some money, he will feel pleased.
A person helps old ladies across the street in order to help people.
If a person makes a great deal, he will feel pleased.
If a person does what others tells him to do, he will feel obedient.
If a person becomes popular, he will feel important.
If a person begins to worry, he wants to calm down.
A person practices talking in order to improve her speaking skills.
If a person is uncertain, he wants to know.
If a person's money runs out, he will feel broke.
A person enrolls for gym in order to improve his health.
A person works at his desk in order to be productive.
If a person answers questions in the interview, he is seen as intelligent.
A person meets his neighbors in order to get to know his neighbors.
If a person gives him just the right amount, he will feel pleased.
A person takes a special interest in others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person pulls into a hospital, he gets treatment as a result.
A person walks across the field in order to be outside.
If a person stays in a bad relationship, he will feel unhappy.
If a person walks a path of righteousness, he becomes a better person as a result.
A person asks to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person is eating supper, he will feel full.
If a person gets his reward, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to investigate.
A person is writing to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person crawls into bed, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has fun at the picnic, he will feel content.
If a person keeps doing things, he is seen as dedicated.
A person waits five hours for others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person succeeds in bringing people together, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets more advice from others, he will feel understood.
A person looks after her kids in order to provide for her family.
If a person performs well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person rethinks his or her life, he wants to change.
If a person learns to fight for himself, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person has lived here for years, he feels like a local as a result.
If a person decides to have a child, he will feel happy.
If a person makes the most of it, he will feel happy.
If a person proposed to others, he will feel happy.
If a person joins an art club, he wants to paint.
A person attends a computer class in order to learn more about computers.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he will feel excited.
If a person reads about the case, he will feel curious.
If a person gets a bad break, he feels down as a result.
If a person wins first prize in a poetry contest, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person uses his sister as a shield, he will feel protected.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he will feel satisfied.
A person begins university in order to gain new knowledge.
If a person discovers a possibility, he wants to explore.
If a person tries to explain himself, he wants to be understood.
If a person goes out with someone, he will feel happy.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel at ease.
A person drives to the park in order to be outdoors.
If a person goes to see a counselor, he will feel helpful.
If a person exercises self-control, he will feel confident.
A person takes the monkey for a walk in order to spend time with the monkey.
If a person tells his tale to the villagers, he is seen as wise.
A person considers others's advice in order to do what PersonY says.
If a person notices something is unusual, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person is worried about the family, he wants to fix the family.
If a person goes out to get information, he will feel determined.
If a person starts wondering about Y, he wants to find out more about Y.
A person works on an environmental project in order to protect the environment.
If a person cannot believe what happened, he wants to know what happened.
A person raises children in order to provide for his family.
If a person has won, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to give something away in order to help someone.
If a person volunteers to be others’s friend, he gets to spend time with PersonY as a result.
If a person finally cooked a decent meal, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is totally exhausted, he wants to sleep.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel pleased.
If a person wears fine clothes, he will feel stylish.
If a person drinks more alcohol, he will feel inebriated.
A person talks to others about the problems in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person succeeds in law school, he wants to practice law.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he feels happy as a result.
If a person receives counseling, he will feel helped.
If a person takes a spiritual journey, he gains insight as a result.
A person and others hunt for birds in order to be outdoors and PersonY wants to hunt birds.
If a person realizes that what others does is wrong, he wants to do the right thing.
A person visits PersonZ's place in order to meet PersonZ.
If a person has an evening out, he has a good time as a result.
If a person eats her dinner, he is full as a result.
A person is unusually generous to others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person runs for the school board in order to help the school.
If a person is sensitive to others's mood, he wants to cheer PersonY up.
If a person cooks for guests, he is seen as good at cooking.
If a person takes the wrong way, he loses his way as a result.
If a person knows when to take revenge, he will feel vindicated.
If a person gets beat up in a bar, he will feel hurt.
If a person makes noise with music, he will feel excited.
A person encourages others in a fight in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person sings and plays an instrument, he will feel talented.
If a person is thankful for a lot of stuff, he will feel content.
If a person decides to meet up with others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person is the first to get up in the morning, he will feel energetic.
If a person is learning to dance, he is dancing well as a result.
If a person participates in an online chat, he will feel connected.
If a person keeps moving forward, he will feel determined.
If a person is devastated by others's death, he wants to grieve.
If a person read between the lines, he wants to understand.
If a person practices violin, he is able to play the violin as a result.
A person holds on to others's promise in order to make sure PersonY keeps his promise.
If a person and others laugh together, he will feel happy.
If a person eats his or her breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person practices self-discipline, he will feel motivated.
If a person considers an option, he wants to take the option.
If a person learns to use software, he will feel competent.
If a person steps up, he will feel powerful.
If a person goes for a picnic, he enjoys the day as a result.
If a person is helpful to the old, he is thanked by the old as a result.
If a person goes on a family trip, he has fun as a result.
If a person does a task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person obtains the evidence, he will feel victorious.
A person brings food home in order to share food with his family.
If a person and others lie down to rest, he will feel relaxed.
A person follows the proper procedure in order to be efficient.
If a person appears good-natured, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person finishes the assignment, he will feel accomplished.
If a person joins a gym, he will feel healthy.
If a person receives a threatening phone call, he will feel afraid.
A person says I love you to others in order to show PersonY that he loves him.
If a person collects information, he wants to know more.
If a person watches a film at the cinema, he will feel entertained.
If a person acts as a part of society, he will feel important.
If a person applies karate, he is able to defend himself as a result.
If a person chooses the right words, he will feel confident.
If a person has a fair job, he will feel secure.
If a person realises what he wants to do, he will feel confident.
If a person explores the endless possibilities, he wants to learn more.
If a person is confused by others's phone call, he wants to know what PersonY is talking about.
If a person analyses the problem, he will feel curious.
If a person and others went to a party, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person volunteers for work, he will feel useful.
If a person reads something online, he will feel curious.
If a person listens to you while you talk, he hears you well as a result.
If a person beats others to the end, he will feel satisfied.
If a person scurries away, he wants to be alone.
A person writes letters to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
A person writes a letter to his spouse in order to express his feelings.
If a person has a couple of arguments, he will feel upset.
If a person is exposed as a slacker, he will feel embarrassed.
A person offers to do something in order to help someone.
If a person is eating supper, he is full as a result.
A person puts the food on the table in order to help his family.
If a person filled out a job application, he got a job as a result.
If a person convinces others to do something, he will feel confident.
A person and others return to school in order to continue his education.
A person watches the breaking news in order to know what is happening.
A person visits others at the café in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has an evening out, he will feel content.
If a person fills up the bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
A person tries to do it herself in order to be independent.
If a person talks to his family, he will feel connected.
If a person makes arrangements, he will feel in control.
If a person complains about a leaky roof, he wants to repair the roof.
If a person dislikes something, he gets angry as a result.
A person vows to keep his word in order to be a trustworthy person.
If a person questions his decision, he wants to be sure.
If a person takes on a bad habit, he becomes addicted as a result.
A person installs a window in order to be able to see outside.
If a person worries about his driving, he wants to drive better.
If a person thinks of good terms to make a reputation, he will feel important.
If a person convinces others to go, he will feel pleased.
A person is following the directions in order to get to the destination.
If a person is successful in a sales pitch, he will feel confident.
If a person likes to listen, he is good at listening as a result.
A person takes in every detail in order to be thorough.
If a person thinks back to a pleasant memory, he will feel relaxed.
If a person acquires a new skill, he wants to master the skill.
A person manages others’s work flow in order to help PersonY.
A person and others take the day off in order to rest and PersonY wants to take a break.
If a person gets past others's defenses, he will feel victorious.
A person confronts his feelings in order to be able to express his feelings.
If a person has a meal at home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives great praise, he will feel appreciated.
If a person finds himself in an embarrassing situation, he will feel ashamed.
A person avoids attention in order to be left alone.
If a person uses his knowledge, he will feel smart.
If a person is introduced to others's family, he is made to feel welcome as a result.
A person joins a sporting club in order to be more active.
If a person and others find love, he will feel joyful.
If a person dresses up for an evening out, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person continues to push forward, he makes progress as a result.
A person hires a therapist in order to help himself.
If a person buys a home, he will feel content.
If a person is throwing up, he wants to go to the bathroom.
If a person makes up for last time, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to defend his thesis in order to finish his thesis.
If a person learns to play golf, he improves his golf game as a result.
A person works on their computer in order to be productive.
If a person has a nice, solid relationship, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fights against an enemy, he wants to win.
If a person pulls out all the stops, he will feel in control.
If a person decides to ask for help, he receives support as a result.
A person gives something to others in order to help PersonY.
A person has been looking at the data in order to know more about the data.
If a person does not worry anymore, he will feel peaceful.
A person reads the box in order to find out what is in the box.
If a person takes a rest from that, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is involved in a larger context, he will feel more connected.
A person decides to call a lawyer in order to make sure she is legally represented.
If a person searches for the truth, he learns the truth as a result.
A person teaches the teenager to drive in order to help the teenager.
If a person experiences troubles, he will feel frustrated.
A person takes care of the water pump in order to keep the pump working.
If a person wants to show appreciation, he will feel happy.
A person visits the sick others in order to be there for PersonY.
A person tells others he's going to a party in order to be social.
If a person buys a subscription, he will feel pleased.
A person hurries to finish work in order to meet a deadline.
If a person curries favor with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a long vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person asks a question in order to know the answer.
If a person works hard for money, he will feel productive.
If a person picks the right number, he will feel confident.
If a person meets with his companions, he gets to know his friends as a result.
A person takes the kids to the movies in order to spend time with the kids.
If a person went to the seaside, he will feel peaceful.
If a person steps up to the bat, he will feel powerful.
If a person wins in a race, he will feel happy.
If a person feels someone following him, he feels paranoid as a result.
A person talks to Bobbie in order to have a conversation with Bobbie.
If a person watched tv, he will feel entertained.
If a person returns to her hometown, he wants to visit her family.
If a person has a lovely time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a heated conversation with others, he will feel irritated.
A person mends the kettle in order to make sure the kettle is working properly.
A person goes to bed in the evening in order to be rested.
If a person often works out, he is seen as athletic.
A person takes more college courses in order to be more intelligent.
If a person trains outside the dojo, he will feel motivated.
If a person worries about his daughter, he wants to see his daughter.
If a person turns around to look at a sound, he wants to see what caused the sound.
If a person pays attention to person’s needs, he wants to help others.
If a person reads an encyclopedia, he will feel curious.
If a person’s work improves, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys a dog, he is pleased with the dog as a result.
A person runs for an hour in order to exercise.
If a person reads an article in a magazine, he will feel curious.
If a person receives flowers from a friend, he feels happy as a result.
If a person visits a hair salon, he gets a new hairstyle as a result.
If a person accuses others of cruelty, he wants to stop PersonY from being cruel.
If a person wins a match, he will feel confident.
If a person looks for family history, he learns more about his family as a result.
If a person wears the latest fashions, he will feel trendy.
A person mends the cup in order to make the cup whole again.
If a person has her car vandalized, he wants to have her car fixed.
If a person is about to see something strange, he wants to see what's happening.
If a person gets on track, he will feel happy.
A person raises her hand to hit others in order to make PersonY feel bad.
If a person is on top of a list, he will feel powerful.
If a person learns new things from others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person dresses very beautifully, he will feel beautiful.
If a person gets the job done, he will feel pleased.
If a person objects to using drugs, he does not use drugs as a result.
A person invites others to visit the house in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person shows growth in working toward a goal, he wants to continue to work toward a goal.
If a person has an important business deal, he wants to finish the deal.
If a person gets one up on others, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to get along with others, he will feel happy.
If a person makes out with a girl, he will feel happy.
A person introduces her boyfriend to her parents in order to be open about her relationship.
If a person would be successful, he will feel confident.
If a person keeps on going, he will feel confident.
If a person delivers something, he will feel successful.
If a person makes a day of shopping with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others like each other, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person has a nice dinner, he is pleased as a result.
If a person continues on his merry way, he will feel happy.
A person starts an ethical discussion in order to learn more about ethics.
If a person finds a good use for it, he will feel satisfied.
A person makes his way to others in order to help PersonY.
A person goes out to meet others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person wants to be a lawyer, he studies law as a result.
If a person receives unexpected support, he is comforted as a result.
If a person lives in a neighborhood, he will feel comfortable.
If a person feels encouraged by others's reaction, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person carries out his plan, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a full and prosperous life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person visits a club, he has a good time as a result.
If a person carries out her plan, he gets what she wants as a result.
If a person would like to express himself, he becomes more expressive as a result.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he will feel joyful.
A person looks at others's data in order to understand PersonY's work.
If a person dedicates effort to training, he will feel excited.
If a person and others go to a nightclub, he and PersonY are drunk as a result.
A person talks to others's daughter in order to get to know PersonY's daughter.
If a person becomes angry with others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person learns to get along with others, he is seen as a good person.
A person gets the house cleaned in order to make the house look nice.
A person writes others a recommendation in order to help PersonY.
A person leaves with his friends in order to be with his friends.
If a person goes swimming at a private beach, he has fun as a result.
If a person won a race, he will feel pleased.
If a person is offended by insult, he wants to get even.
A person works out in a gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to avoid future mistakes.
If a person likes to sing songs, he wants to sing in front of people.
If a person dresses up for a fancy party, he will feel glamorous.
If a person gets back in shape, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a lot of questions, he wants to learn more.
If a person listens to his mother, he learns to obey his mother as a result.
If a person gets a little boost, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person spends time in the kitchen, he wants to cook.
A person purchases a boat in order to be able to sail.
A person hides in the dark in order to avoid being seen.
If a person has a fancy dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person relaxes in bed, he will feel content.
If a person works on a story, he will feel creative.
If a person keeps doing many things, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person has a romantic evening, he will feel happy.
If a person likes to check the news, he learns about current events as a result.
If a person responds to others’s command, he will feel obedient.
A person confronts the bully in order to stop the bullying.
If a person joins a project, he will feel motivated.
A person walks through the village in order to be outside.
If a person takes a look at the situation, he will feel curious.
If a person fears or feels threatened, he wants to be safe.
If a person has an important business deal, he wants to get it done.
A person went to work in order to be productive.
A person attends the morning class in order to be in school.
If a person votes for the winning candidate, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes good care of himself, he is healthy as a result.
If a person receives a birthday gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes care of an orphan, he gets to know the orphan as a result.
If a person has trouble getting to sleep, he will feel restless.
A person visits a chat room in order to talk to other people.
If a person considers the costs of stalling, he wants to keep working.
A person has a serious conversation with others in order to discuss a serious issue.
A person is singing in his room in order to practice his singing.
If a person stops an evil plot, he will feel victorious.
If a person has found the answer, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads a newspaper, he is informed of the news as a result.
If a person watches movies, he will feel amused.
A person checks others into the hospital in order to help PersonY.
If a person dances the tango, he has a good time as a result.
If a person buys a truck, he will feel pleased.
If a person rethinks everything, he wants to do everything differently.
A person always keeps a set schedule in order to be on time.
If a person looks at old pictures, he remembers the past as a result.
If a person looks up a problem, he wants to figure out the problem.
A person finds out some information in order to find out more about a situation.
If a person feels like having a quiet evening, he will feel content.
A person continues searching in order to find a solution.
If a person likes to go for walks, he will feel happy.
If a person practices dance, he improves her dance skills as a result.
If a person speaks eloquently, he will feel confident.
If a person starts getting dressed for work, he will feel ready.
If a person discovers a possibility, he wants to investigate.
If a person has a successful business, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds out some information, he wants to know more.
A person walks around the neighborhood in order to get to know the neighborhood.
If a person makes his mark in the world, he will feel confident.
A person continues to work hard in order to do well.
If a person calls a company for information, he will feel informed.
If a person acquires a skill, he will feel confident.
If a person starts hiking, he gets fit as a result.
If a person buys a new place, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes that they have a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person questions the damage, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person beats others at badminton, he will feel superior.
A person continues writing poetry in order to express his feelings.
If a person has a bone to pick, he wants to get revenge.
If a person owns a record collection, he is a music lover as a result.
If a person learns an approach, he wants to apply the approach.
If a person's life is much better, he will feel happier.
If a person went to a concert, he has a good time as a result.
If a person supports others’s decision, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person schedules a call with lawyer in order to get legal advice.
A person tells the rest of us about others in order to make sure that we know about PersonY.
If a person studies a timetable, he has a better understanding of the timetable as a result.
If a person sets a limit, he will feel controlled.
A person focuses on detail in order to do a good job.
If a person shows what he can do, he will feel powerful.
If a person seems to enjoy it, he wants to do it again.
If a person drinks a little more than usual, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person tries to joke, he wants to make people laugh.
If a person wins the respect of his parents, he will feel pleased.
If a person faces a danger, he will feel frightened.
If a person continues building, he makes progress as a result.
If a person climbs into bed, he is asleep as a result.
If a person realizes how insane this relationship is, he wants to end it.
A person participates in public protest in order to be a part of the movement.
If a person avoids any problem, he will feel safe.
A person raises questions in order to be informed.
If a person pays attention to a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person applies to a new job in order to be in a better position.
If a person is fed well, he will feel happy.
If a person considers the idea, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person takes a trip to the movies, he will feel happy.
If a person has known others for years, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person has a brush with death, he will feel scared.
If a person regrets the mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person mowed his lawn, he will feel productive.
A person tries very hard in order to be successful.
If a person makes it happen, he will feel confident.
If a person has a bath in the river, he will feel clean.
A person takes his bicycle for a ride in order to exercise.
If a person goes back to his hometown, he visits his family as a result.
If a person dances with someone, he will feel excited.
If a person is relaxing, he will feel happy.
A person returns to her parents' home in order to be with her family.
If a person lives a full life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets beaten by others, he is hurt as a result.
If a person finds a phone number, he wants to call the number.
A person takes more lessons in order to improve her knowledge.
A person begins to consider moving away in order to start a new life.
A person speaks with others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person receives food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person investigates the crime, he solves the crime as a result.
If a person flounders around, he will feel hopeless.
If a person gets to go, he will feel pleased.
If a person is appointed to a high post, he is happy as a result.
If a person experiences an unfavorable outcome, he feels disappointed as a result.
If a person agrees to come to party, he will feel happy.
If a person has achieved something, he wants to keep on achieving.
If a person decides on a solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person plans his day, he will feel organized.
If a person has a great new idea, he will feel excited.
A person takes her dog out in order to spend time with her dog.
A person writes personY a letter in order to communicate with personY.
If a person agrees to stay, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to music all day, he will feel entertained.
If a person hurts his foot, he will feel in pain.
If a person attends a concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
If a person likes listening to the radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person is affected by someone else’s concerns, he wants to make sure the other person is okay.
A person exercises every day in order to be healthy.
If a person works out constantly, he is seen as athletic.
If a person adopts a cause, he will feel dedicated.
If a person has a try, he wants to succeed.
If a person plays in the yard, he has fun as a result.
If a person finds something yummy, he will feel excited.
If a person contemplates his problem, he wants to solve his problem.
If a person watches some TV, he will feel entertained.
A person repaints the house in order to make the house look nice.
If a person can't sleep at night, he will feel worried.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he will feel important.
If a person writes down everything that others says, he remembers everything that PersonY says as a result.
A person sends mail to a constituent in order to help a constituent.
If a person washes hands often, he has good hygiene as a result.
If a person has a long-term relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person is certain of others's treason, he wants to prove PersonY's treason.
If a person continues the investigation, he wants to solve the case.
If a person gets some sun, he will feel happy.
If a person has performed, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets more education, he becomes more intelligent as a result.
If a person eats a bowl of soup, he will feel full.
If a person writes an important book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person produces results, he will feel confident.
If a person reads out of the book, he will feel entertained.
A person drinks some of the water in order to have a refreshing drink.
If a person starts getting dressed up every day, he will feel feminine.
If a person is enjoying a good book, he will feel happy.
If a person runs in the park, he will feel energetic.
A person explains her work in order to get her ideas across.
If a person keeps out of trouble, he will feel safe.
A person invites others to their home in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person finds a good job, he is happy as a result.
If a person is out of cash, he will feel poor.
If a person receives a big delivery, he is happy as a result.
If a person prefers others's company, he spends more time with PersonY as a result.
If a person trains for a certain sport, he wants to win.
If a person experiences strange phenomenon, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person doesn't know where to start, he will feel confused.
A person refines the question in order to be more precise.
If a person sulks, he will feel lonely.
If a person's bike gets stuck in a tree, he wants to get the bike out of the tree.
A person remembers to consult in order to do what is right.
If a person finds a need, he wants to fulfill that need.
If a person goes down to the well, he gets a drink of water as a result.
If a person cannot cope, he will feel hopeless.
If a person is relaxed on the phone, he will feel content.
If a person is able to explain it, he is seen as smart.
If a person wins a round, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets a boat, he wants to sail.
If a person gets a pat on the head from her family, he will feel happy.
If a person suffers the pain, he wants to feel better.
If a person advocates for human rights, he wants to make a difference.
If a person often hangs out with others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person gets enough food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes to the movies with friends, he will feel entertained.
If a person produces another good drawing, he will feel pleased.
If a person is well-prepared for the class, he will feel confident.
If a person adopts a new puppy, he is pleased with the puppy as a result.
If a person makes a legal profit, he will feel satisfied.
A person participates in a sport competition in order to be good at a sport.
If a person studies her problem, he will feel focused.
A person's on the phone in order to talk to someone.
If a person plays with some kids, he learns to play as a result.
A person considers setting off on a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person is impressed with others's cooking, he will feel proud.
If a person reads over the list of rules, he understands the rules as a result.
If a person gets a good workout, he will feel energized.
If a person tells his side of the story, he is seen as persuasive.
A person writes to personY in order to communicate with personY.
If a person just gets along with people, he will feel content.
If a person praises others for service, he will feel proud.
If a person develops a routine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person learns to do something, he will feel good.
A person visits sick people in order to help people.
A person does a task in order to be productive.
If a person exchanges knowledge, he will feel enlightened.
A person makes an inquiry of others in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person is considered attractive, he is complimented by others as a result.
If a person comes to feel sorry for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person gets his man, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets a salary raise, he will feel happy.
A person and others are planning to go camping in order to be in nature.
If a person sings to the tune of a song, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to stand up in order to be more independent.
If a person lists all the reasons, he is seen as rational.
If a person thinks about it too, he will feel curious.
If a person plays an arcade game, he will feel entertained.
If a person lays in others's arms, he is comforted by PersonY as a result.
If a person finishes the job before noon, he will feel successful.
If a person grows fonder of others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
If a person carries on a dialog, he has a good conversation as a result.
If a person purchases a new jacket, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a perfect painting, he will feel pleased.
If a person is shocked by others's anger, he will feel upset.
A person increases her exercise program in order to be healthy.
If a person sees something suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person went for a stroll, he will feel energetic.
If a person feels more motivated, he works harder as a result.
If a person looks for a way to escape, he finds a way to escape as a result.
If a person enjoys making plans, he will feel excited.
If a person solves a difficult problem, he is seen as smart.
If a person sends a thank-you note, he will feel happy.
If a person mended his ways, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is done with something, he will feel relieved.
A person measures a room in order to make sure the room is the right size.
If a person discusses with others how to solve a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person works hard for money, he is successful as a result.
If a person finds a soul mate, he will feel satisfied.
If a person begins to doubt himself, he will feel confused.
If a person travels around America, he will feel curious.
If a person learns the virtue of tolerance, he wants to be more tolerant.
If a person is taken to a movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person wins a fishing competition, he will feel happy.
If a person is alarmed by others's anger, he wants to calm PersonY down.
If a person sees a movie, he is entertained as a result.
A person accepts others's book on economics in order to learn more about economics.
A person considers a job transfer in order to advance in her career.
A person hires a trainer in order to be in shape.
A person volunteers to speak at the rally in order to help the cause.
If a person is afraid of being hurt, he wants to be safe.
If a person gets back in the saddle, he will feel refreshed.
If a person drinks heavily and gets drunk, he will feel not good.
If a person acts a bit coldly toward others, he makes PersonY feel uncomfortable as a result.
If a person earns his degree, he is happy as a result.
A person paints a good picture in order to be a good artist.
If a person worries over rumors, he wants to make sure the rumors are false.
If a person tries to get the better of others, he will feel superior.
If a person has found a new direction, he is happy as a result.
If a person cooks all the time, he has good food as a result.
If a person and others move into a new house, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person puts their time in in order to be a good worker.
If a person gets rid of someone who irritates them, he will feel victorious.
If a person wins in a race, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person decides on a place to study, he will feel happy.
If a person told others to attend class, he wants PersonY to be a good student.
A person enters the palace in order to see the inside of the palace.
A person tells others about the video in order to be able to talk to PersonY about it.
A person will tell personY in order to be honest.
If a person feels strongly, he wants to do something about it.
A person practices hard in order to be a good musician.
If a person keeps painting, he will feel inspired.
If a person grows up rapidly, he becomes a man as a result.
A person puts seeds into the ground in order to grow plants.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person tries to gain peace of mind, he will feel calm.
If a person looks for a movie to watch, he will feel entertained.
A person practices day in and day out in order to be the best.
If a person calls someone for directions, he is told where to go as a result.
If a person won a race, he feels proud as a result.
If a person completes an order, he will feel happy.
If a person is shocked to find out, he is upset as a result.
If a person discovers a discrepancy, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person suffers an injustice, he is upset as a result.
If a person leads a discussion about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person has a special treat, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks he has gone through the proper formalities, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes to swim class, he gets better at swimming as a result.
If a person examines his mother, he wants to know more about his mother.
If a person is a successful lawyer, he is well-paid as a result.
A person collects old articles in order to read about the past.
If a person visits his hometown, he wants to visit his family.
If a person accepts the proposal, he wants to go to the wedding.
If a person gets the job, he will feel happy.
A person goes on a lecture tour in order to spread his ideas.
If a person learns from his mistake, he wants to make a better decision.
If a person plans to make a phone call, he wants to call a friend.
A person takes care of a friend in order to be helpful.
If a person picks a winning horse, he will feel confident.
If a person plays with puppets, he will feel amused.
If a person hangs out with the village committee, he will feel a part of the group.
A person puts forward others's views in order to get PersonY's views on the table.
If a person decides to let it slide, he will feel unbothered.
If a person takes on a cause, he will feel excited.
A person thinks of moving away in order to be independent.
If a person tries new dishes, he will feel adventurous.
If a person is environmentally conscious, he is proud of his green habits as a result.
If a person and others reads the paper, he and PersonY learn about the paper as a result.
If a person regrets doing it, he doesn’t do it again as a result.
A person practices dance in order to be a good dancer.
If a person does not have to sell what he can make, he will feel free.
If a person gets his story published, he will feel happy.
If a person recognizes the danger, he will feel alert.
If a person responds to changes, he will feel adaptable.
A person begins to learn to play the violin in order to be a better musician.
If a person follows his logic, he will feel smart.
If a person feels distracted, he loses concentration as a result.
If a person has a good dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets tired of school, he wants to drop out.
A person gets better at waiting in order to improve his patience.
A person embarks on a new journey in order to start a new life.
If a person is taking a shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person has returned to normal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person acts well, he will feel good.
If a person commits to the activity, he is happy as a result.
A person rushes to others's home in order to help PersonY.
If a person is astounded by it, he wants to understand it.
If a person devises a schedule, he wants to be more organized.
If a person keeps a scrapbook, he has a collection of memories as a result.
If a person decides to give a chance, he gives a chance to new people as a result.
If a person and others go to a museum, he will feel entertained.
If a person becomes a good coach, he will feel satisfied.
If a person hears an interesting story, he will feel interested.
A person starts the trip in order to be on the road.
If a person provides satisfactory service, he will feel appreciated.
If a person receives a good review, he will feel pleased.
If a person pays him a visit, he wants to talk to him.
If a person plays with the other kids, he will feel included.
If a person moves in with family, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is feeling much better today, he will feel optimistic.
If a person experiences an incredible sight, he wants to see it again.
If a person's luck is gone, he is in trouble as a result.
If a person thinks of a memory, he wants to remember the memory.
A person confronts others about it in order to know the truth.
A person asks directly in order to know the truth.
If a person gets a run-over by a cyclist, he is injured as a result.
A person tells others about his family in order to be open with PersonY.
A person goes to her parents in order to be with her family.
If a person and others drink water, he will feel refreshed.
A person begins his paper in order to complete his work.
If a person thinks about a new project, he wants to work on the project.
If a person comes home for the holidays, he is happy to see his family as a result.
If a person entertains questions, he is seen as a good conversationalist.
If a person tries harder to talk, he will feel determined.
A person trains in a new place in order to improve his fitness.
If a person has a blast at the party, he will feel happy.
A person tries to resist in order to be able to resist temptation.
If a person ponders the ramifications, he will feel uncertain.
If a person reads attentively, he will feel motivated.
A person studies the new book in order to learn more about the book.
If a person agrees to buy the house, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks after the children, he gets to spend time with the children as a result.
If a person puts his life back together, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to sort it out in order to be able to work through problems.
If a person looks back on his memories, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person fixes the leak, he will feel satisfied.
If a person seems to be reading an interesting story, he will feel excited.
If a person spends his holiday with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person increases her exercise program, he will feel energetic.
A person took the dog for a walk in order to spend time with the dog.
A person listens to people in order to be a good listener.
If a person visits placeA, he gets to know placeA as a result.
A person puts in the work in order to be a good employee.
If a person has an advantage, he wants to use it.
If a person is asked to participate, he wants to do the work.
If a person eats healthy food, he will feel good.
If a person heads toward others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person reaches for the phone in order to make a call.
A person reads what others has written in order to understand what PersonY has written.
If a person goes out to have fun, he will feel happy.
If a person is curious about others's life, he learns about PersonY's past as a result.
A person calls others up on the phone in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person will do it for her, he will feel confident.
If a person listens to the game on the radio, he will feel interested.
If a person enjoys a sunset, he will feel content.
If a person was in a car accident, he was injured as a result.
If a person takes an online course, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person makes some important decisions, he will feel competent.
If a person gets back in the saddle, he will feel in control.
If a person gains others’s affection, he will feel content.
If a person feels affection for others, he becomes closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person has to think carefully, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person develops a strategy, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a bad time at work, he will feel stressed.
If a person has a deadline, he will feel rushed.
If a person drinks a beverage of some kind, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets a great new job, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to do her own thing, he will feel liberated.
If a person shares feelings, he will feel connected.
If a person explores the past, he will feel interested.
If a person creates a way out, he will feel hopeful.
If a person explores the possibility, he wants to know more.
A person begins to smoke in order to feel the pleasure of smoking.
A person asks a person related to others in order to get information about PersonY.
If a person volunteers to do something for others, he will feel good.
A person takes others in his arms in order to comfort PersonY.
If a person is nice to someone, he is liked by someone as a result.
A person meets the owner of the boat in order to know more about the boat.
If a person learns more about the technique, he will feel enlightened.
A person listens to people in order to understand others.
If a person earns a fair wage, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person regrets acting that way, he wants to apologize.
If a person decides to do something nice for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person fulfills his mission, he will feel successful.
If a person spends lots of time practicing, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person is making plans to meet others, he is happy to see PersonY as a result.
If a person wins control, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a beautiful painting, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes enthusiastic, he wants to do everything.
If a person breaks out into dance, he will feel joyful.
If a person takes an adventure, he has fun as a result.
If a person is prompted to think, he will feel inspired.
If a person wins in the game, he is pleased as a result.
A person needs to be in the room in order to be involved in the conversation.
A person visits market in order to find out what is happening in the market.
If a person stays calm in bad situations, he does not panic as a result.
A person arranges for a holiday in order to relax.
If a person receives a threatening message, he feels scared as a result.
If a person decides to adopt, he will feel happy.
A person intends to enter politics in order to make a difference.
If a person volunteers to help out, he will feel good.
A person decides to go for a walk in order to clear his mind.
If a person is free from distractions, he will feel peaceful.
If a person worries about how personY will receive him, he wants to make sure personY is okay.
If a person enforces the law, he will feel serious.
If a person starts going to the library everyday, he wants to read more.
If a person trains kendo, he is better at kendo as a result.
If a person received a new job, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to see a counselor in order to talk about his feelings.
A person wants to talk to others about God in order to make PersonY understand God.
If a person is the best agent for others, he will feel confident.
If a person enjoys a new technology, he wants to play with the new technology.
If a person works on DIY project, he will feel productive.
If a person finds something to do, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives help from a stranger, he will feel comforted.
If a person puts it all together, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is a good friend, he is liked by other people as a result.
A person tries to see a doctor in order to get better.
If a person and others drive to the store, he and PersonY buy groceries as a result.
If a person watches a show, he is entertained as a result.
A person begins to learn in order to improve.
If a person does something on his own, he will feel independent.
If a person gets ready for success, he will feel happy.
If a person sees her country in turmoil, he will feel concerned.
If a person's wayward past comes back to haunt her, he is sad as a result.
If a person resists the attack, he will feel brave.
If a person finds that there is a thief, he wants to catch the thief.
If a person fixes it, he will feel in control.
If a person trains for a certain sport, he is fit as a result.
If a person discovers what he wants, he will feel fulfilled.
A person promotes others in order to show PersonY how much he cares.
If a person studies how to play chess, he will feel challenged.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he will feel empowered.
A person looks for new activities in order to be able to move on.
If a person finds the last of them, he will feel victorious.
If a person continues with the project, he wants to get it done.
If a person and others gets in a car accident, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
A person begins the work in order to earn money.
If a person is at a supermarket, he buys some food as a result.
If a person rises to fame, he will feel powerful.
If a person remembers that he forgot something, he wants to remember what he forgot.
A person invites others to visit in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person spends time at a job in order to earn money.
If a person prepares to begin writing again, he will feel excited.
If a person hires a life coach, he wants to improve his life.
If a person does something useful, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers a challenge, he wants to try the challenge.
A person waits for his friend in order to be with his friend.
If a person is successful in doing something, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person makes her way to the library in order to study.
A person made a good decision in order to do the right thing.
A person entertains the kids in order to make the kids happy.
A person begins to fly in order to explore the world.
If a person tells it as it is, he will feel honest.
If a person finds an object of value, he will feel happy.
If a person is good at taking notes, he has a good memory as a result.
If a person heads over to others's place, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person hears a song he liked, he wants to hear the song again.
If a person is great in bed, he is desired by men as a result.
If a person eats his food quickly, he will feel full.
If a person prepares to teach class, he will feel motivated.
If a person watches films, he will feel amused.
If a person suddenly feels sleepy, he wants to sleep.
If a person doesn’t know where to begin, he will feel confused.
If a person disagrees with the decision, he will feel upset.
If a person falls for a girl, he wants to date her.
If a person investigates others’s medical condition, he wants to get to the bottom of PersonY’s condition.
If a person stands up against something, he will feel strong.
If a person makes an honest attempt, he wants to succeed.
If a person made a scene, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person becomes very confused, he will feel frustrated.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has lots of sex, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to bed on time, he will feel rested.
If a person enjoys the outdoors, he will feel content.
A person pays respects to her roots in order to be connected to her family.
If a person makes a special dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person handles it beautifully, he will feel strong.
A person joins the board of a company in order to help the company.
If a person takes a strange drug, he gets high as a result.
A person meets with his mother in order to talk to his mother.
If a person sees that he made a mistake, he wants to fix it.
If a person is ready to learn, he will feel excited.
If a person wins friends and influence, he will feel respected.
If a person starts to date again, he wants to date more.
If a person sees something they think is interesting, he wants to know more.
If a person goes out to have a good time, he will feel pleased.
If a person bathes in a bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is very well known, he will feel popular.
If a person can't bear others's arrogance, he wants to tell PersonY off.
If a person wants to be up to date, he wants to study.
If a person eats his lunch, he will feel full.
If a person goes to her father, he wants to spend time with her father.
If a person changes his attitude toward work, he wants to work harder.
If a person finds a new apartment, he will feel happy.
If a person is dissatisfied with the results, he wants to try again.
A person decides to do an experiment in order to be able to do new things.
If a person becomes others's confidant, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person moves to hug others, he will feel happy.
If a person works out three times a week, he will feel fit.
If a person puts up a good argument, he will feel confident.
A person puts their time in in order to succeed.
If a person takes the necessary precautions, he will feel prepared.
If a person has written a very optimistic report, he will feel confident.
A person held onto it firmly in order to have a strong hold on the object.
If a person became a carpenter, he became a successful carpenter as a result.
If a person buys the presents, he will feel pleased.
A person is willing to change in order to be a better person.
If a person gets what she needs, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a bad idea, he regrets his decision as a result.
A person confronts him or herself in order to be honest with himself or herself.
If a person thinks for herself, he wants to do things her way.
If a person and others have good chemistry, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person is more experienced, he will feel confident.
If a person makes the fatal mistake, he will feel regretful.
If a person closes a business deal, he will feel successful.
If a person finds something yummy, he will feel happy.
If a person has a pleasant stay, he will feel at ease.
If a person overcomes fear with love, he will feel peaceful.
A person visits one's best friend in order to spend time with one's best friend.
If a person drinks the rest of the beer, he will feel inebriated.
If a person is the top dog, he will feel confident.
If a person makes a shopping list, he buys the items on the list as a result.
If a person examines the problem, he understands the problem as a result.
A person does her best work in order to be a great worker.
If a person had a difficulty, he wants to get help.
A person starts to warm others in order to make PersonY feel better.
If a person gets a big break, he will feel thrilled.
If a person gets paid well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person ate a sandwich, he will feel full.
If a person relaxes with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes a famous concert pianist, he receives fame and fortune as a result.
If a person argues well, he will feel persuasive.
If a person goes for vacation, he has a good time as a result.
A person questions others's decision in order to understand PersonY's motives.
A person listens in on others in order to know what PersonY is saying.
A person looks up others’s profile in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person feels a threat, he wants to protect himself.
If a person introduces others to Christianity, he gets PersonY to attend church as a result.
A person mends his ways in order to be a better person.
A person gets prepared for a big competition in order to win.
A person congratulates his wife in order to make his wife happy.
A person fixes the room in order to make the room more comfortable.
If a person is given a chance, he will feel hopeful.
If a person learns French very quickly, he becomes fluent in French as a result.
If a person has a back injury, he will feel in pain.
If a person becomes distracted, he loses concentration as a result.
If a person chooses the hotel, he is happy with the hotel as a result.
A person joins the tennis club in order to improve her tennis skills.
A person takes others out for the night in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person visits neighbors in order to be neighborly.
A person questions others's answers in order to know the truth.
If a person regrets having done so, he wants to stop doing so.
If a person has his photo taken, he has a nice photo as a result.
A person feeds others well in order to help PersonY.
A person meets others’s request in order to help PersonY.
A person works to earn more money in order to be independent.
If a person decides to take a nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person hits the bull's-eye, he will feel confident.
If a person worries others will be upset, he will feel anxious.
A person helps a senior in order to be helpful.
If a person questions his religion, he wants to find out more about his religion.
If a person plays with the kitties, he will feel entertained.
If a person reads the book, he is interested in the book as a result.
If a person decides to take a walk, he will feel calm.
If a person fixes a leak, he will feel good.
A person takes a break from soccer in order to relax.
A person studies for his exam in order to pass his exam.
If a person becomes informed, he will feel wise.
A person looks it up on the Internet in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person has a nice, solid relationship, he is happy as a result.
A person gets information in order to know more about a situation.
If a person dances on the dance floor, he has fun as a result.
If a person is very kind to some people, he is thanked by some people as a result.
If a person receives kindness from others, he will feel cared for.
A person goes to his doctor in order to know his health.
A person sets out on the journey in order to discover new things.
If a person adopts a new pet, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes that others can win, he encourages PersonY to win as a result.
A person works nonstop in order to be successful.
If a person discovers who has broken into his home, he wants to find the burglar.
If a person prepares a tasty dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person ends up at a theater, he will feel entertained.
A person drives around the neighborhood in order to get a feel for the neighborhood.
A person talks to the person following them in order to find out who is following them.
If a person offers to cook, he wants to cook for his family.
If a person reads through her notes, he wants to review her notes.
If a person has come into her own, he will feel proud.
A person gives good service in order to be a good employee.
If a person is having second thoughts, he wants to be sure.
If a person puts in a long day, he is tired as a result.
If a person thinks it's a great idea, he will feel excited.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts the gift, he will feel pleased.
A person hops in the shower in order to feel clean.
A person holds his hand out to others in order to connect with PersonY.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person reads daily, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person likes to help people, he will feel good.
A person follows others in the street in order to be near PersonY.
If a person studies life, he wants to learn more.
If a person finally gets married, he will feel content.
If a person visits the person’s parents, he learns about the person’s family as a result.
A person talks with her neighbor in order to get to know her neighbor.
If a person has too much debt, he wants to get out of debt.
If a person believes in family ties, he wants to spend time with his family.
A person thinks about getting another job in order to earn more money.
If a person examines the possibility, he will feel interested.
If a person's bed is comfortable, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets very irritated, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person gets a scolding, he is made to apologize as a result.
A person showers others with apologies in order to make amends.
If a person takes advice from others, he wants to follow PersonY's advice.
A person buys a cell phone in order to be connected.
If a person argues with a relative, he will feel angry.
If a person and others share fun, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person gets well with time, he will feel happy.
A person sends out a message in order to communicate with others.
If a person awakens to a good morning, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds out she’s left something, he wants to find it.
If a person enjoys her time alone, he will feel peaceful.
If a person finds a wonderful dress, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to teach others well, he will feel good.
If a person loves to help others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others learn how to swim, he and PersonY become good swimmers as a result.
A person participates in the campaign in order to help the campaign.
If a person read the book, he is knowledgeable as a result.
If a person gets hurt by his coworker, he feels upset as a result.
A person serves as a role model in order to help other people.
If a person talks to the media, he is seen as articulate.
If a person gets involved in a fistfight, he will feel angry.
If a person offers a peace-making gift, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finishes the project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is working on her novel, he will feel productive.
If a person begins traveling, he is excited about traveling as a result.
If a person examines the problem, he will feel interested.
If a person has a real good time, he will feel excited.
A person visits her friend's house in order to spend time with her friend.
A person talks to his neighbour in order to get to know his neighbour.
If a person turned on the radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person buys a dress, he is pleased with the dress as a result.
If a person plays the guitar, he is good at playing the guitar as a result.
If a person gets the piece, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has to deal with the terrible event, he will feel sad.
If a person loves the wild outdoors, he enjoys camping as a result.
If a person buys a new television, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets over being so easily excited, he becomes more calm as a result.
A person gives his sister a present in order to make his sister happy.
If a person rakes it in, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to the seaside, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes for a walk on the beach, he will feel happy.
If a person practices boxing, he will feel energetic.
If a person takes charge of the group, he will feel confident.
If a person completes a new project, he will feel accomplished.
A person offers others a suggestion in order to help PersonY.
If a person feels confused, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person listens to a discourse, he wants to hear a story.
If a person has won the match, he will feel confident.
A person is always kind to others in order to be a good person.
If a person gets better from illness, he will feel relieved.
A person prevents others from leaving in order to make sure PersonY stays.
If a person receives new legal documents, he is informed of his rights as a result.
A person gets a drink of water in order to feel refreshed.
If a person is a member of a computer club, he learns to use a computer as a result.
If a person solves a problem with an elegant solution, he will feel accomplished.
A person starts school in order to get a good education.
If a person becomes aware of an error, he fixes the error as a result.
If a person gets hit by a train, he will feel in pain.
A person continues to work as normal in order to earn money.
If a person figures out a solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits the pharmacy, he wants to buy medicine.
If a person considers that the murderer may be him, he wants to be sure that he is not the murderer.
A person helps his neighbor in order to be a good neighbor.
A person tries to give others a hug in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person explores others's motives, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person asks personY out on a date, he wants to get to know personY better.
If a person plays with a toy, he will feel amused.
If a person is full of bad memories, he feels bad as a result.
If a person spends a lot of time with her family, he is seen as devoted.
If a person is accustomed to doing things his own way, he will feel confident.
If a person and others learn how to swim, he and PersonY are both good swimmers as a result.
If a person wins a literary prize, he is praised by her peers as a result.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he wants to stop doing it.
If a person sews the wrong hem, he has to sew the hem again as a result.
If a person begins dating, he will feel happy.
If a person sits down to relax, he will feel calm.
A person brings it all together in order to make sure everything is in order.
If a person pays off a debt, he will feel relieved.
If a person gets used to his situation, he will feel happy.
If a person pays off debt, he will feel free.
If a person cannot understand how it happened, he will feel confused.
A person visits his relatives in order to be close to his family.
If a person is rewarded for something, he will feel happy.
If a person’s sports team wins, he will feel pleased.
A person visits a friend's house in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person has been taking important notes, he will feel organized.
If a person got lost in the night, he wants to find his way home.
If a person finally moves on, he will feel free.
A person goes inside the store in order to get something.
If a person starts a small argument, he will feel angry.
If a person watches some television, he will feel entertained.
A person confronts others about others's behavior in order to solve the problem.
If a person overcomes fear, he will feel triumphant.
If a person finishes checking a task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person files a motion, he wants to get the motion approved.
If a person is a great parent, he will feel proud.
If a person meets a nice stranger, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets the better of others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person learns how to dance, he becomes a better dancer as a result.
If a person drinks over time, he becomes an alcoholic as a result.
If a person talks to people, he will feel interested.
If a person entertains others at the beach, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person took a day off work, he will feel relaxed.
If a person remembers to take a break, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds in business, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a small break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person enjoyed another trip to the cinema, he wants to go to the movies again.
If a person takes a nice walk, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person fights his or her demons, he wants to conquer his or her demons.
A person takes the job in order to earn money.
A person plays a gig in order to entertain people.
If a person is placed in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person becomes the mayor, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets a big idea, he will feel excited.
A person spends a year planning in order to achieve a goal.
If a person falls into a huge pit, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person has to try hard, he will feel determined.
If a person listens to a personal problem, he is interested in the problem as a result.
If a person doesn't know why, he will feel perplexed.
If a person reads a great book, he will feel happy.
A person walks on the path in order to be outdoors.
If a person's car overheats, he wants to fix the car.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he wants to spread humaneness.
If a person goes to an outdoor concert, he has a good time as a result.
If a person enjoys a trip to the shore, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person gets his hands on the book, he reads the book as a result.
If a person gets shot by a bullet, he will feel in pain.
A person is working on the island in order to help the island.
If a person puts up a fight, he will feel powerful.
A person hits the internet in order to get information.
If a person gets an amazing idea, he wants to do something about it.
If a person has a brief respite, he will feel refreshed.
If a person realizes he has made a mistake, he wants to fix it.
A person goes down to the city in order to see the city.
If a person considers others's advice, he wants to take PersonY's advice.
If a person memorizes famous quotes, he is able to recite them as a result.
If a person takes over as leader, he will feel powerful.
If a person becomes good at French, he is fluent in French as a result.
If a person finishes what he started, he has a sense of accomplishment as a result.
A person studies under others in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person makes peace with them, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works for peace, he will feel passionate.
If a person is fed, he will feel content.
A person is glad to have met others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person starts feeling cold, he wants to warm up.
If a person looks for family history, he learns about his ancestors as a result.
If a person is forced to apologize to others, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person makes love to his wife, he and his wife are happy as a result.
If a person sets up business, he will feel confident.
If a person acquires credentials, he will feel competent.
A person takes on a new challenge in order to improve his skills.
If a person rests a little, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks a little, he will feel curious.
If a person examines the situation, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person is involved in a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person is losing the job, he will feel upset.
A person takes on more work in order to make more money.
If a person has a fair job, he is happy as a result.
If a person drinks an alcoholic beverage, he will feel tipsy.
If a person watches a program, he will feel entertained.
If a person enjoys a good breakfast, he will feel happy.
If a person tackles the problem, he has a solution as a result.
If a person spends time with person Y, he gets to know person Y as a result.
If a person goes to a protest, he learns to speak out as a result.
If a person has a pep talk, he feels motivated as a result.
A person pays others's hospital bill in order to help PersonY.
A person acts immediately in order to get things done.
If a person goes on holiday to the mountains, he will feel peaceful.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he will feel happy.
If a person cries for hours on the couch, he will feel miserable.
If a person displays real interest, he wants to know more.
If a person is recommended for a good job, he gets the job as a result.
If a person is given a beating, he is in pain as a result.
A person prepares for college in order to get a good education.
If a person’s feelings are hurt, he wants to feel better.
If a person looks up directions online, he will feel informed.
If a person examines something, he wants to understand it.
If a person suffers through something, he will feel frustrated.
If a person walks to the store, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person studies for a medical degree, he wants to become a doctor.
If a person accepts the congratulation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person comes out on top, he will feel happy.
If a person notices a statue, he wants to look at the statue.
If a person tries to produce her best work, he will feel motivated.
A person questions the employer in order to know the truth.
If a person lays in the sun, he will feel happy.
A person makes a call on the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person succeeds to the throne, he will feel confident.
If a person looks for alternatives, he wants to try something new.
If a person begs others to talk, he is able to open up to PersonY as a result.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he will feel free.
If a person and others get a new car, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person earns an income, he will feel successful.
If a person trys something new, he will feel adventurous.
A person attempts to open the door in order to get into the building.
If a person buys a new set of furniture, he will feel pleased.
If a person is more worried about others's feelings, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person tells the audience something wonderful, he will feel delighted.
A person practices the ancient art in order to improve his skills.
If a person fears an internal split, he wants to be united.
If a person has a brief rest, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person chases his dream, he will feel excited.
If a person has much money, he will feel wealthy.
If a person helps out in the kitchen, he will feel useful.
If a person watches a performance, he will feel entertained.
If a person spends lots of time practicing, he wants to perform.
A person tells others everything in order to be honest.
If a person becomes easygoing, he will feel peaceful.
A person helps in times of crisis in order to help others.
A person keeps going to the office in order to be productive.
If a person requests answers, he is informed as a result.
If a person starts relaxing, he will feel happy.
If a person takes on a bad habit, he will feel addicted.
If a person gets an unexpected reward, he is happy as a result.
A person leaves for college in order to pursue his dreams.
If a person cares about others, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person watches what others says, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person studies personN's theme, he understands personN's as a result.
If a person and others sit by the fire, he will feel warm.
If a person develops a nosebleed, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person begins to explore the world, he learns about the world as a result.
If a person has a purpose, he wants to achieve that purpose.
If a person is unhappy with the present situation, he wants to change the situation.
If a person gets what he deserves, he will feel satisfied.
A person attempts to persuade others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person has just returned from vacation, he wants to relax.
If a person works on a novel, he will feel creative.
If a person was reported to, he is reprimanded as a result.
If a person brings home a new pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person hunts it down, he will feel determined.
If a person drinks the cold beer, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds a mate, he will feel pleased.
If a person is strongly biased against others, he wants to see PersonY lose.
If a person is in motion, he will feel energetic.
A person checks if something is true in order to know the truth.
A person decides to start exercising in order to feel better.
A person is teaching others tricks in order to be able to do things with PersonY.
If a person makes an object, he will feel creative.
If a person becomes suspicious, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person corrects his posture, he wants to stand up straight.
If a person finds a new path, he wants to explore the path.
If a person applies himself, he wants to be the best.
A person plans to be home in order to be with his family.
A person and others drive to the countryside in order to see the countryside.
If a person goes through a rough period, he will feel depressed.
If a person shows interest in you, he wants to get to know you better.
A person took a quick nap in order to feel refreshed.
A person does everything he can in order to be the best.
If a person is productive, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others are in a fight, he is mad at PersonY as a result.
If a person has got lots of money, he will feel wealthy.
A person tried to communicate with others in order to make PersonY understand.
A person puts money into others's bank account in order to help PersonY.
If a person cures a patient, he will feel pleased.
If a person gains clarity, he will feel peaceful.
A person was about to speak to others in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person devotes his life to God, he will feel content.
If a person is not sure about what to do, he wants to know what to do.
A person continues his adventure in order to see the world.
If a person is a good driver, he will feel confident.
If a person falls down a hill, he gets hurt as a result.
A person sets out for a long walk in order to be in the outdoors.
If a person reads a book at night, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others begin to fight, he will feel irritated.
If a person doesn't like how others treats him, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person discovers the problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person agrees to buy something, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finally visits his mother, he will feel happy.
If a person isn't sure how to do that, he wants to know how to do that.
If a person is on a deadline, he will feel stressed.
If a person feels a lot less pressured, he is more relaxed as a result.
A person goes to the orphanage in order to help children.
If a person is filled with rage, he wants to hit someone.
A person fixes the table in order to make the table usable.
If a person starts a battle, he will feel determined.
If a person works for hours, he is seen as diligent.
If a person develops a bond with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person engages in intellectual dialogue, he learns to think as a result.
If a person continues to work out, he is seen as athletic.
If a person does a wonderful job for others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person considers others a threat, he wants to hurt PersonY.
A person starts to deal with the matter in order to get the matter settled.
If a person puts on new clothes, he will feel comfortable.
If a person helps solve a problem, he will feel useful.
A person deals with its feelings in order to be in control of its emotions.
A person gets a driving lesson in order to be a better driver.
If a person values others’s insights, he wants to learn more from PersonY.
A person works through the night in order to be productive.
A person urges others to complete an article in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person overcomes it, he will feel strong.
If a person realizes she was right, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enters a coffee shop, he wants to buy a cup of coffee.
A person and others embark on a journey in order to explore and PersonY wants to learn.
If a person gets information about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person attempts to type in order to learn how to type.
A person contacts her friends in order to spend time with her friends.
If a person finds a part-time job, he earns more money as a result.
A person asked questions in order to learn.
If a person is interested in others's success, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person practices with his band, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to play piano, he becomes a better pianist as a result.
If a person has been tortured, he will feel miserable.
A person likes to take a walk with others in order to be close to PersonY.
A person presents others with an early birthday present in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person recalls childhood stories, he feels nostalgic as a result.
If a person is confused about his role, he wants to know more about his role.
If a person's good fortune continues, he will feel pleased.
If a person accepts the compliment, he will feel appreciated.
If a person gives up and runs, he will feel defeated.
If a person is overcome by rage, he wants to hit someone.
If a person starts working on the Community Center, he wants to finish the Center.
A person writes it down in order to remember the information.
If a person feels in control, he feels more confident as a result.
If a person explores new ideas, he will feel motivated.
If a person decides to make it work, he will feel hopeful.
If a person can't bear the pain, he wants to feel better.
If a person tries to stay positive, he will feel hopeful.
If a person has money stolen, he wants to get money back.
If a person secures a place, he will feel happy.
A person takes others's case in order to help PersonY.
A person makes a report to the police in order to get the truth.
If a person seizes the moment, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a job in the big city, he is happy as a result.
If a person is puzzled by what he reads, he wants to understand.
If a person finds a way to forgive, he will feel relieved.
A person calls others's home in order to speak to PersonY.
If a person buys a new motorcycle, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes involved with a new group, he will feel excited.
If a person builds a career, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a good life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person gains from others's success, he will feel happy.
A person volunteers to help others with cooking in order to be useful.
If a person fights the battle, he will feel determined.
If a person decides to have a siesta, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tells her tale, he will feel entertaining.
A person plans to study for the exam in order to pass the exam.
A person talks about others to others in order to share his story.
A person is out on the road in order to be free.
If a person gets a hobby, he enjoys his hobby as a result.
If a person suffers a surprise, he is upset as a result.
If a person sends a thank-you card, he will feel happy.
If a person completes his trip, he will feel accomplished.
If a person's face turns red, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person becomes a leader, he gains confidence as a result.
A person gave others a friendly greeting in order to be friendly.
If a person recalls that others is very friendly, he is pleased by PersonY’s friendliness as a result.
If a person gets a chance to be a responsible citizen, he will feel pleased.
If a person votes in favor of a popular candidate, he will feel pleased.
If a person is annoyed by a guest, he wants to get rid of the guest.
A person starts growing tomatoes in order to have fresh tomatoes.
If a person gets involved in the investigation, he will feel motivated.
If a person realizes that something is not quite right, he wants to find out what is wrong.
A person rereads the letter in order to know what the letter says.
If a person retrieves the ball, he will feel successful.
If a person has a difficult choice, he wants to make a decision.
If a person eats a very good meal, he will feel full.
If a person subscribes to a radical magazine, he is exposed to new ideas as a result.
If a person is on top of it, he will feel powerful.
A person studies at university in order to improve his skills.
If a person feels a great loyalty to others, he wants to do everything PersonY wants.
If a person is haunted by a recurring nightmare, he will feel terrified.
A person looks at it in order to understand the object.
If a person buys himself some books, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a terrible time, he will feel miserable.
A person does the housework in order to make the house look nice.
If a person takes charge of the interview, he will feel powerful.
If a person is interested in fitness, he exercises regularly as a result.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he wants to hang out with this new friend.
If a person finds something of value, he will feel pleased.
If a person chooses the right answer, he will feel smart.
If a person is filled with purpose, he wants to do something great.
If a person reads articles and books, he will feel stimulated.
If a person figures out what's wrong, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person takes charge of things, he gets things done as a result.
A person makes sure that others is okay in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person takes a bath with others, he will feel clean.
If a person takes up dancing, he gets better at dancing as a result.
If a person feels that a person's rights are violated, he wants to defend the rights of the person.
If a person gets a chance to prove his mettle, he will feel determined.
A person takes a short walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person discovers a lead, he wants to keep investigating.
If a person watches a lot of sports on TV, he is a sports fan as a result.
A person attempts to communicate with others in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person joins the softball team, he gets to know the team as a result.
A person calls others’s number in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person gets a good workout, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person drives to where others is, he wants to see PersonY.
If a person succeeds in his ambitions, he will feel proud.
If a person regrets doing something, he wants to not do that thing again.
If a person finds what he's looking for, he will feel content.
If a person and others take a trip to the movies, he and PersonY enjoy the movie as a result.
If a person makes it to the top, he will feel accomplished.
A person questions the authorities in order to find out the truth.
If a person gets rid of it, he will feel good.
If a person gets accepted to college, he will feel happy.
If a person wins the contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person has an accident on the bike, he is injured as a result.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he is a kind person as a result.
A person fixes up an old doll in order to give the doll a new life.
A person attends an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting in order to recover from alcoholism.
If a person can’t calm down, he will feel upset.
If a person participates in an activity, he will feel motivated.
If a person agrees to do it on his own, he will feel independent.
If a person fears for her own life, he wants to be safe.
If a person is tired of fighting, he wants to make peace.
If a person uses others’s table manners, he learns to be polite as a result.
If a person does a task, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries a new form of sport, he wants to play that sport.
A person tells the facts about what he saw in order to tell the truth.
If a person decides to study harder, he does better in school as a result.
If a person makes a bad choice, he regrets his choice as a result.
A person drives down to others’s house in order to visit PersonY.
If a person finally gets some recognition, he will feel respected.
If a person learns to play bridge, he will feel competent.
If a person chooses the best hotel, he will feel pleased.
If a person searches for medicine, he wants to get better.
If a person becomes a big success, he is proud of himself as a result.
A person works for a long time in order to get the job done.
If a person has a new hobby, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person views the movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person builds a den, he has a comfortable place to relax as a result.
If a person reads a new theory, he will feel interested.
If a person is willing to learn, he will feel enthusiastic.
A person prepares to leave the place in order to be independent.
If a person gets up to answer the phone, he makes a call as a result.
If a person helps a stranger in need, he will feel good.
A person decides to take an English course in order to improve her English.
If a person goes hunting with his friends, he learns to hunt as a result.
If a person realizes his dream, he will feel satisfied.
If a person corrects her mistakes, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets a client, he will feel happy.
A person brings a child into the world in order to start a family.
A person tries to open the door in order to be able to go out.
If a person volunteers to do the job, he will feel helpful.
If a person is all over the place, he will feel distracted.
A person packs the car in order to leave for a trip.
If a person decides not to lose their temper, he calms down as a result.
A person tries new stuff in order to be adventurous.
If a person complains to the officer, he will feel angry.
If a person passes the class, he will feel accomplished.
If a person does something to help someone, he is seen as considerate.
If a person appears on the verge of victory, he will feel powerful.
A person works a part-time job in order to earn money.
If a person learns a particular piece of information, he is better informed as a result.
A person left her place in order to go to a new place.
If a person is hurt by others's insults, he will feel angry.
A person asks for the lecture notes in order to learn the material.
If a person does some backpacking, he gets some exercise as a result.
If a person moves on to be a lawyer, he is happy as a result.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he will feel inspired.
If a person practices his photography, he is better at photography as a result.
If a person finds a peaceful place, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person helps others with her French homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes out for a job, he gets a job as a result.
If a person succeeds at the speech, he will feel pleased.
If a person helps out an old friend, he will feel kind.
A person looks toward the window in order to see what is outside.
If a person is told a very depressing story, he will feel sad.
If a person writes a great novel, he will feel happy.
If a person is getting better, he will feel hopeful.
If a person discovers others is dishonest, he does not trust PersonY as a result.
A person packs up and moves in order to move on.
If a person has got injured, he is out of action as a result.
If a person reconciles with Courtney, he will feel relieved.
If a person finds a way to express, he will feel heard.
A person treats others to ice cream in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person talks with a person of interest in order to get information.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person studies the reading material, he will feel motivated.
A person persuades others to take a trip in order to show PersonY a new place.
If a person obtains some money, he will feel successful.
If a person reaches an understanding with others, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person regrets others's eating habits, he wants to change PersonY's eating habits.
If a person is a great student, he will feel smart.
If a person hires a stylist, he wants to be more fashionable.
If a person serves in a community, he will feel helpful.
If a person will do a better job, he will feel confident.
If a person delivers the homework, he will feel accomplished.
A person reads for an exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person has a picnic with her family, he will feel content.
If a person sits down in the recliner, he will feel comfortable.
If a person takes care of her plants, he has healthy plants as a result.
If a person watches the TV, he is entertained as a result.
If a person finds a new instrument, he wants to play it.
If a person decides to fly a kite, he has fun flying a kite as a result.
If a person cares about himself, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person enjoys lying on the bed with others, he will feel relaxed.
If a person promises to attend church, he will feel responsible.
A person tries to visit her friends in order to be a good friend.
A person is on phone with others in order to speak to PersonY.
If a person becomes active in social welfare work, he will feel committed.
If a person is puzzled by others, he wants to figure out what PersonY is up to.
A person has a productive day in order to be efficient.
If a person has the job, he will feel confident.
A person goes to ballet class in order to be a good dancer.
If a person succeeds in a difficult enterprise, he will feel proud.
If a person makes his own way, he has self-confidence as a result.
If a person met someone he should know, he wants to talk to this person.
If a person considers others's point of view, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person and others grew old together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person is chatting with others in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person finds himself in an unusual situation, he will feel uncertain.
If a person has an outstanding performance, he will feel happy.
If a person doesn't want to be lazy, he works hard as a result.
If a person can tolerate it no longer, he wants to leave.
If a person realizes his true purpose, he wants to do what he was meant to do.
If a person is uncomfortable with this change, he will feel anxious.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he will feel concerned.
If a person is plagued by ill health, he will feel in pain.
If a person signs up for a cooking class, he cooks a meal as a result.
A person walks around the street in order to see what is around him.
If a person tries to understand ObjectZ, he wants to learn ObjectZ.
If a person finishes the essay, he will feel accomplished.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he will feel honored.
If a person likes to help out, he will feel happy.
A person tries to leave the room in order to be alone.
If a person knows how to tell the time, he is a good timekeeper as a result.
If a person is reunited with his family, he will feel joyful.
If a person finally has a girlfriend, he will feel pleased.
If a person seems to take great delight in finding replacements, he wants to find the best replacement.
A person is going to relax for a few minutes in order to be alone.
If a person reads romance novels, he will feel entertained.
If a person has a nice car, he will feel pleased.
If a person smells something rank, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person does some decorating, he will feel creative.
A person attends her sister's wedding in order to support her sister.
A person speaks to his sister on the phone in order to communicate with his sister.
A person orders some food from a particular restaurant in order to have a good meal.
A person does some self-searching in order to understand himself better.
If a person faces a major problem, he wants to find a solution.
If a person is reconciled with others, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers the solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person regrets what happened, he wants to change the past.
A person tries to lose weight in order to be healthy.
If a person acquires knowledge, he becomes smarter as a result.
If a person attends ballet class, he is inspired by ballet as a result.
If a person begins painting, he will feel inspired.
If a person hates making a mistake, he wants to be perfect.
If a person loves his friend, he wants to help his friend.
A person attempts to fix a bike in order to learn how to fix a bike.
If a person lands a big order, he is pleased as a result.
A person thanks his mother in order to show his mother that he appreciates her.
A person stays under the radar in order to avoid trouble.
A person begins planning the holiday in order to make the holidays special.
A person explains the game to others in order to teach PersonY the rules.
If a person starts working on an idea, he wants to finish the project.
If a person is singing with friends, he will feel happy.
If a person practices listening, he gets better at listening as a result.
If a person takes on a high profile job, he will feel successful.
If a person achieves her dream, he will feel happy.
A person joins up with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finally finds a solution, he will feel relieved.
If a person selects a bank, he is happy with his bank as a result.
If a person wins the kiss, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads a new novel, he will feel entertained.
If a person begins a new exercise routine, he will feel motivated.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he is able to read well as a result.
A person drives to a bookstore in order to read a book.
If a person keeps losing sleep, he will feel exhausted.
If a person blows his budget, he is in debt as a result.
If a person is about to realize something, he wants to find out what it is.
A person works for her father in order to help her father.
If a person’s life gets better, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets some help, he will feel cared for.
If a person and others buy tickets to a music concert, he will feel excited.
If a person comes up with the solution, he will feel smart.
If a person dances with his wife, he and his wife have a good time as a result.
If a person regrets making a decision, he wants to make a different decision.
A person prepares to work out in order to get fit.
If a person regrets her ways, he wants to make amends.
A person convinces others to go out in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person talks about his life with others in order to share his life with PersonY.
If a person persuades others to join forces, he will feel successful.
A person buys a book for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person sleeps the night through, he will feel rested.
If a person begins to warm up to others, he will feel relaxed.
A person and others work as a team in order to do something with PersonY.
If a person and others work on a project, he and PersonY work well together as a result.
If a person comes home and lies down, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has an embarrassing moment, he will feel upset.
If a person is looking forward to the party, he has a good time at the party as a result.
If a person gives himself a workout, he will feel excited.
If a person pays attention to something that is going on, he wants to know what is going on.
A person tells others what she wants in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person bangs into a lamp post, he is hurt as a result.
If a person spends time with her family, he gets closer to her family as a result.
If a person gets into a panic, he wants to get out of the situation.
A person goes to visit an old friend in order to be close to his old friend.
If a person smells something awful, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person persists in questioning others, he wants to know the truth.
If a person takes a look at the object, he becomes curious as a result.
If a person regrets the incident, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person wins in a competition, he will feel happy.
If a person has a new idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person has had a good week, he will feel confident.
A person takes care of a friend in order to be a good friend.
A person cooks for her family in order to make her family happy.
A person tries to earn a living in order to be independent.
If a person feels that someone is looking for , he will feel fearful.
If a person has an obligation to do something, he does what he is obligated to do as a result.
If a person enjoys a day in the park, he will feel relaxed.
If a person asks what the audience wants, he wants to hear the audience's opinion.
A person does something for herself in order to feel good about herself.
If a person brings home a new car, he will feel happy.
A person looks at what she does in order to understand what she does.
A person introduces others to a musical instrument in order to show PersonY a new hobby.
If a person helps solve the case, he will feel competent.
If a person is concerned about children, he wants to protect children.
If a person regrets some of his words, he wants to say things differently.
A person gives others a free hand in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets a lot of paper work done, he will feel organized.
A person picks up an object in order to examine the object.
A person gets back to the gym in order to stay fit.
If a person practices her ballet, he will feel graceful.
If a person begins a counseling session, he will feel open.
If a person dislikes sunburn, he wants to stay in the shade.
If a person attempts to learn tai chi, he wants to master the art.
If a person feels intrigued, he wants to learn more.
If a person completes the routine, he will feel accomplished.
If a person explains it all, he is understood as a result.
A person signs up for MMA classes in order to improve his fighting skills.
If a person liked the letter, he wants to read the letter again.
A person looks for new jobs in order to make money.
If a person perseveres, he will feel confident.
If a person examines himself in a mirror, he will feel curious.
A person teaches others how to do it in order to help PersonY.
If a person plans his future, he will feel hopeful.
If a person makes a trick, he will feel clever.
If a person has a positive first date, he will feel content.
If a person is surrounded by their friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person suffers a personal loss, he will feel sad.
A person wanders the neighborhood in order to see what is around him.
A person makes a reservation for the trip in order to be prepared for the trip.
If a person devises a system for getting around, he will feel efficient.
If a person dresses up for a fancy party, he will feel elegant.
If a person has a dangerous encounter, he will feel fearful.
A person practices their aim in order to be good at shooting.
If a person was nice to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
A person tries to stay on course in order to reach her goal.
If a person is interested in ethical issues, he wants to do good.
If a person sits down and thinks, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person experiences again and again, he gains more experience as a result.
If a person and others spend a fun evening together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person reads the book in class in order to learn more about the book.
If a person's bowels start acting up, he wants to use the bathroom.
If a person finally gets some fish to eat, he feels satisfied as a result.
If a person explains his reasons, he is seen as logical.
If a person gets others to answer her purpose, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a clean future, he will feel optimistic.
If a person reads up on the Fifth Amendment, he wants to know more about the Fifth Amendment.
If a person reads often, he will feel interested.
A person tries to pick the phone in order to be able to call someone.
If a person appreciates others's good work, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person receives information, he will feel enlightened.
If a person drinks lots of alcohol, he will feel drunk.
If a person uses her powers for good, he will feel satisfied.
If a person will get better, he will feel hopeful.
If a person gets support from others, he will feel confident.
If a person spends the summer in Paris, he has a good time in Paris as a result.
If a person gets a new gig, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a good hunter, he will feel confident.
If a person realizes the significance of her mistake, he wants to correct her mistake.
A person goes to see her father in order to know more about her father.
A person has gotten up early in the morning in order to start the day.
A person mends a chair in order to make the chair more comfortable.
If a person examines the chart, he will feel interested.
If a person begins to work out at the gym, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person stops lying to himself, he feels more honest as a result.
If a person takes part in an accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person dons a new attire, he will feel pleased.
A person pursues a master’s degree in order to improve his future.
If a person practices arts and crafts, he learns to be creative as a result.
A person decides to go on another way in order to change his life.
A person continues work in order to make money.
A person carries out the instructions in order to complete the task.
If a person attended a seminar, he will feel informed.
If a person misplaces some items, he is unable to find the items as a result.
If a person is a teacher and others is a student, he wants to teach and PersonY wants to learn.
A person gets a drink of water in order to be hydrated.
A person sends an electronic message in order to communicate with other people.
If a person has his glasses fixed, he is able to see better as a result.
A person applies to a big firm in order to get a job.
If a person becomes filled with sadness, he wants to feel better.
If a person puts on a blouse, he will feel pretty.
If a person reads a little every day, he will feel motivated.
If a person asks a person directly, he wants to know more about the person.
A person reads literature in order to be well read.
If a person receives a break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes time to have a rest, he will feel rested.
If a person is suspicious of others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person is a team player, he is liked by his teammates as a result.
If a person uses others as a confidant, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person leads his team to victory, he will feel happy.
If a person has a reunion with others, he feels good about PersonY as a result.
If a person makes a plan, he will feel organized.
A person visits some friends in order to spend time with friends.
If a person makes a great discovery, he will feel amazed.
If a person observes people, he will feel curious.
If a person got a bargain, he is happy as a result.
If a person likes to read poetry, he will feel inspired.
If a person thanks others for dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person gets what  wants, he will feel successful.
If a person cannot sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person grows into manhood, he will feel strong.
If a person joins a dance team, he becomes a better dancer as a result.
If a person gets back on the wagon, he will feel relaxed.
If a person studies the economic crisis, he will feel concerned.
If a person is bewildered by others, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person laughs and gives others a grin, he will feel joyful.
If a person and others have had fun, he will feel content.
If a person is being successful, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks he can help, he will feel motivated.
If a person is not happy with what they accomplished, he will feel frustrated.
A person cooks for his wife in order to make his wife happy.
If a person pays attention to the operation, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person has a break down, he wants to get help.
If a person continues to meet deadlines, he will feel productive.
If a person devotes herself to science, he will feel inspired.
If a person hesitates for a long time, he will feel unsure.
If a person becomes more educated, he wants to learn more.
A person works hard in order to be a success.
If a person picks up others from the airport, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person spends some time in the sun, he gets a tan as a result.
If a person returns to fishing, he will feel refreshed.
A person contacts the police in order to make sure that the police are informed.
If a person starts to go out, he will feel happy.
If a person purchases something at a store, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes up Yoga, he wants to be flexible.
If a person wins over his enemies, he will feel confident.
If a person bathes regularly, he is clean as a result.
If a person gets something new, he is happy as a result.
If a person exits from the conversation, he wants to be alone.
If a person is disappointed with everything, he will feel angry.
If a person studies others's genealogy, he learns more about PersonY's family as a result.
If a person eventually turns into an adult, he becomes a responsible adult as a result.
A person tries to explain things to others in order to be able to explain things to PersonY.
If a person devotes himself to a cause, he will feel energized.
If a person regains his title, he will feel triumphant.
If a person received a promise, he wants to fulfill the promise.
If a person finds his target, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is secretly admired by others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person aims to be on time, he will feel punctual.
If a person is considered, he will feel accepted.
If a person meets a person with an interesting story, he will feel interested.
A person confides in her therapist in order to feel better.
A person drank 2 glasses of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person puts everything to rest, he will feel relieved.
If a person worries that it is too late, he will feel tense.
If a person learns from this, he will feel intelligent.
A person gets others to tell him something in order to know what PersonY knows.
If a person doubts the course of his actions, he wants to be sure.
A person questions a shopkeeper in order to find out more about the shopkeeper.
If a person feels terrible about something, he wants to feel better.
If a person fixes something on the boat, he makes the boat run better as a result.
If a person receives some info, he wants to use the info.
If a person receives the reward, he is happy as a result.
If a person faces a major problem, he wants to figure out a solution.
If a person works for a charity, he wants to help others.
If a person overcomes a rival, he will feel powerful.
A person studies the dossier in order to understand the case.
If a person finds it offensive, he is angry as a result.
If a person scores a victory, he will feel proud.
If a person falls in the mud, he is covered in mud as a result.
If a person spends a vacation on the shore, he will feel peaceful.
A person rushes to others's home in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person makes plans to go on a cruise, he is excited about the cruise as a result.
If a person tires of this and lies down, he wants to be alone.
If a person reads an informative paper, he will feel curious.
If a person walks towards others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person does an experiment, he wants to see the results.
If a person is verbally attacked, he is upset as a result.
A person reads to children in order to help children.
If a person fails to feed, he gets hungry as a result.
If a person has a concern, he wants to solve the problem.
A person tells others what she wants in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person visits the circus, he will feel amused.
If a person gathers support for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person cooks a wonderful soup, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues to remain composed, he does not panic as a result.
If a person speaks with others's ex, he gets to know PersonY's ex as a result.
If a person likes the place, he will feel at home.
If a person has a hard time with all of this, he is stressed out as a result.
If a person gets some bad news, he feels sad as a result.
If a person spends time with his son, he feels closer to his son as a result.
If a person has to think about this issue, he wants to make a decision.
A person starts on the job in order to get the job done.
A person goes to a political meeting in order to be politically active.
If a person thinks back on events, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person is living the good life, he will feel happy.
If a person makes love to others, he will feel happy.
If a person wins a soccer game, he will feel confident.
If a person is rich in knowledge, he is a smart person as a result.
If a person finds the law on his side, he will feel confident.
A person washes the cup in order to keep the cup clean.
If a person reads the newspaper every day, he is informed about the news as a result.
If a person goes to others's concert, he is entertained as a result.
If a person has a great life, he will feel relaxed.
If a person tends to like others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person changes the furniture around, he makes the room look nicer as a result.
If a person takes a slow walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets all hot and bothered, he wants to cool down.
If a person paces in a room, he will feel anxious.
If a person calls upon others, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
If a person gambles everything away, he loses everything as a result.
If a person worries about her problem, he wants to solve her problem.
If a person and others finish the job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person enjoys the day with others, he will feel content.
If a person acquires the capital needed to begin a business, he will feel successful.
If a person is employed, he will feel successful.
If a person accuses others of stealing his car, he wants to get his car back.
If a person looks in an encyclopedia, he will feel intrigued.
If a person tries to listen to others, he learns to listen as a result.
A person has brought the children home in order to spend time with his children.
If a person begins to date, he will feel happy.
If a person knows how to drive, he is an excellent driver as a result.
If a person and others agree on something, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person has a better time, he will feel pleased.
A person questions his neighbor in order to know the truth.
If a person works hard for the boss, he will feel motivated.
If a person has outdone others, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets work done, he will feel motivated.
If a person plans a romantic dinner, he will feel excited.
If a person watches some cool shows, he is entertained as a result.
If a person admits wrongdoing, he wants to apologize.
If a person dresses in a suit, he will feel formal.
If a person keeps falling down, he falls down more as a result.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he is better at playing an instrument as a result.
If a person gets beaten to a pulp, he is injured as a result.
If a person chooses to relax, he will feel content.
If a person tries a new diet, he wants to eat more healthy food.
If a person strives for perfection, he becomes a perfectionist as a result.
A person and others work it out in order to be with PersonY.
If a person feels that they are accomplishing nothing, he will feel frustrated.
If a person grasps the importance of others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person gets work done, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is reformed, he wants to be a better person.
If a person regrets what he said, he wants to apologize.
If a person thinks that others is trouble, he wants to stay away from PersonY.
If a person attempts a new technique, he wants to master the technique.
If a person performs in-depth research, he will feel motivated.
A person is pressed to continue the work in order to be useful.
If a person really misses school, he wants to go back to school.
A person examines his conscience in order to make sure he is doing the right thing.
If a person exercises self-control, he will feel in control.
If a person plans the next crime, he will feel in control.
If a person settles a score, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to keep calm in order to be able to think clearly.
A person corrects errors in order to improve.
A person visits GrandmaY at the hospital in order to be with GrandmaY.
If a person takes the match, he will feel confident.
If a person marries his high school sweetheart, he will feel happy.
If a person participates in a party, he has fun as a result.
A person photographs a meeting in order to be able to document the meeting.
If a person reads interesting books, he will feel interested.
If a person is training hard, he gets fit as a result.
If a person signs up for a study, he will feel eager.
A person visits a health center in order to stay healthy.
A person writes a long letter in order to express her feelings.
If a person works hard in school, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others have had it, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
A person practices being polite in order to be a good guest.
If a person goes to her room, he wants to be alone.
A person enters others's room in order to see PersonY.
If a person keeps it in mind, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person has been alone for too long, he will feel lonely.
If a person tries hard to finish the project, he will feel motivated.
A person makes others feel very comfortable in order to make PersonY feel at home.
A person packs the day bag in order to be ready for the day.
If a person eats at others's restaurant, he likes PersonY's restaurant as a result.
If a person makes a habit of being late, he gets a reputation for being unreliable as a result.
If a person starts to deal with the matter, he will feel determined.
If a person believes that something bad will happen, he will feel worried.
If a person is walking on thin ice, he will feel nervous.
If a person is able to enjoy himself, he will feel excited.
If a person is in agreement with others, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person is having a hard time, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person knows there is trouble, he will feel worried.
If a person is an abusive father, he is abusive to his children as a result.
If a person manages to get good grades, he will feel confident.
If a person got re-employed, he is happy as a result.
A person continues to push forward in order to achieve his goal.
If a person begins to do better, he is happy as a result.
A person learns to cook in order to be a good cook.
If a person learns to shoot basketballs, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person ends a dispute between two friends, he will feel good.
If a person has a lot to eat, he will feel full.
If a person looks forward to fighting others, he will feel confident.
If a person puts on good clothes, he is pleased with his appearance as a result.
If a person gets involved in a fistfight, he will feel enraged.
If a person works for many hours, he will feel tired.
If a person takes things more easily, he will feel relaxed.
A person applies for the job in order to earn money.
A person is there when others calls in order to be available when PersonY needs him.
If a person receives a thank-you note, he will feel appreciated.
A person does the chores around the house in order to be helpful.
If a person is an avid reader, he wants to read more.
If a person realizes he has a problem, he seeks help as a result.
A person continues searching in order to find the answers.
If a person and others see a great show, he will feel excited.
A person washed her hands in order to feel clean.
If a person takes up parachuting, he enjoys the sport as a result.
If a person feels that someone is looking for , he wants to hide.
If a person stands up to -Paul, he will feel courageous.
If a person tries to do better, he will feel determined.
A person chooses to leave others in order to be independent.
If a person begins to heal, he will feel at peace.
If a person manages to win, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives a bouquet of flowers, he will feel grateful.
If a person considers possibilities, he will feel intrigued.
If a person asks more questions, he will feel challenged.
If a person lands a part, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes a hot shower, he will feel relaxed.
If a person puts his house in order, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes a course on philosophy, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person had a good idea, he will feel confident.
If a person redecorates his apartment, he will feel pleased.
If a person performs numerous errands, he has a busy day as a result.
If a person goes out to have a good time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person starts dancing, he will feel excited.
If a person is growing to be a good person, he is happy as a result.
A person begins training in his new job in order to learn a new skill.
A person visits his folks in order to be with his family.
If a person wins in a table tennis match, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes in the bath, he will feel comfortable.
If a person deals with the problem, he will feel successful.
If a person suffers injuries, he is in pain as a result.
A person spends time with others's children in order to help PersonY's children.
If a person is going on a shopping spree, he will feel happy.
If a person showers before work, he will feel refreshed.
If a person and others have a huge fight, he will feel angry.
A person fills a water bottle in order to stay hydrated.
If a person works in peace, he will feel content.
If a person values others’s advice, he follows PersonY’s advice as a result.
A person keeps moving forward in order to reach her goal.
A person talks about their disease in order to be open about their disease.
If a person wonders about others’s feelings, he wants to find out.
If a person has some good news for others, he wants to share the news.
A person invests in another business venture in order to expand his business.
A person makes a date for the next day in order to see the girl again.
If a person nearly trips, he wants to stay on his feet.
If a person finds some very interesting plans, he will feel inspired.
If a person prepares himself, he will feel determined.
If a person is unhappy with her life, he wants to change her life.
If a person decides to seek help, he receives treatment as a result.
A person lets personY talk in order to hear what personY has to say.
A person examines something strange in order to learn more about the object.
If a person thinks he or she has everything under control, he will feel relaxed.
A person reads the newspaper every day in order to be informed.
If a person’s feeling is hurt, he wants to feel better.
If a person stumbles on something bad, he is hurt as a result.
If a person accepts a well-paying job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a refund, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he is happy as a result.
If a person speaks to the citizens, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person decides to start building a home, he will feel happy.
If a person accepts an assignment, he wants to complete the assignment.
If a person goes to gymnastics, he will feel motivated.
A person signs up for a workshop in order to learn new skills.
If a person makes the delivery, he will feel competent.
A person continues working hard in order to be successful.
A person tries to console a grieving relative in order to be helpful.
If a person searches for more, he finds more information as a result.
If a person begins to question, he will feel uncertain.
A person gets into the bathtub in order to relax.
A person considers setting off on a trip in order to be independent.
If a person feels better, he is in a better mood as a result.
If a person starts therapy, he gets better as a result.
If a person watches others's kid, he gets to know PersonY's kid as a result.
A person is extremely careful in order to avoid making mistakes.
A person looks through the crack in order to see what is on the other side.
If a person comes to an understanding, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is sent a newspaper article, he wants to read the article.
If a person takes what he said back, he wants to apologize.
If a person's job is on the line, he will feel worried.
If a person comes to an agreement with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person wins a new customer, he will feel satisfied.
A person begins the fight in order to defend himself.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he will feel happy.
If a person is lying down, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has fun with others's children, he will feel satisfied.
If a person questions his sexual identity, he wants to find out who he is.
If a person does not sleep well, he will feel restless.
If a person has the right idea, he will feel confident.
If a person has agreed to get engaged to others, he will feel happy.
If a person shows appreciation for others, he will feel happy.
If a person wonders why he can't solve the problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person enrolls for gym in order to improve his physical health.
If a person takes several summer courses, he will feel motivated.
If a person believes in the future, he wants to make the future happen.
If a person thinks about past events, he feels nostalgic as a result.
If a person and others went to the opera, he will feel entertained.
A person opens his heart to others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person gives a whole speech, he is seen as persuasive.
A person picks up his son from school in order to spend time with his son.
A person practices to the extreme in order to be a good athlete.
If a person reads up on the Fifth Amendment, he is impressed by the Fifth Amendment as a result.
If a person finds out the answer to something, he will feel satisfied.
A person and others put a roof on the house in order to make the house more secure.
If a person looks at the girl, he will feel curious.
If a person sends his son to a museum, he ’s son enjoys the museum as a result.
A person studies her lessons in order to do well in school.
If a person takes a deep breath, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person announces his illness, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person thinks better of his actions, he wants to think more before he acts.
If a person focuses on detail, he will feel alert.
If a person declares an interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person started caring about others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person reasons with someone, he will feel persuasive.
If a person enjoyed others's company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person comes to the conclusion, he will feel satisfied.
If a person causes himself trouble, he will feel frustrated.
A person follows the youth in order to be in touch with the youth.
A person gives others information in order to help PersonY.
If a person behaves in an honest manner, he will feel good.
If a person reads the magazine, he is interested in the article as a result.
A person volunteers at the homeless shelter in order to help people.
If a person makes her way to the library, he wants to read a book.
A person is on the phone with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person fights an old anger, he wants to get rid of the anger.
If a person becomes alarmed, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person cooks a delicious dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person performs the task, he is seen as competent.
If a person starts a group, he makes friends as a result.
If a person takes over the mantle, he will feel powerful.
If a person gets cut on the leg, he will feel in pain.
If a person studies three times per week, he will feel studious.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he will feel relieved.
If a person joins the campaign, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person finds a new perspective, he wants to look at the world from a different angle.
If a person finds a nice present, he will feel happy.
If a person snuggles up with others, he will feel content.
If a person worries about his weight, he wants to lose weight.
If a person finds what they want, he will feel successful.
A person rereads a letter in order to understand the meaning of the letter.
If a person wants to earn others's admiration, he is admired by PersonY as a result.
If a person has received a new inquiry, he wants to answer the inquiry.
If a person has a nice view, he will feel content.
A person prepares to leave the country in order to start a new life.
If a person keeps going forward, he will feel optimistic.
A person watches others's living space in order to see how PersonY lives.
If a person tries to understand life, he gains insight as a result.
If a person increases her exercise program, he will feel motivated.
A person takes pictures with others in order to document his time with PersonY.
If a person and others are both concerned, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person takes an architectural tour, he is impressed by the architecture as a result.
If a person gets a good workout, he feels energized as a result.
If a person stops to take a rest, he will feel refreshed.
A person asks for the day off in order to relax.
If a person decides to go on vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to move beyond these feelings, he is able to move on as a result.
If a person suffers through pain, he will feel unhappy.
If a person regrets what  did, he wants to change what PersonX did.
If a person achieves success, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person carries on reading, he will feel interested.
If a person and others have some time off, he and PersonY spend time together as a result.
If a person takes up fencing, he gets better at fencing as a result.
If a person wins an argument with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person contemplates his problem, he wants to figure out his problem.
If a person is rewarded for hard work, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to follow up.
A person drives to the store in order to get something.
A person gets a glass of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person loves his cat, he wants to take care of his cat.
A person sets to work in order to earn money.
A person tries to leave the town in order to be independent.
If a person asks the tough questions, he wants to get answers.
A person tells others about pregnancy in order to share the news with PersonY.
If a person succeeds in solving problems, he is seen as smart.
A person trains solo in order to improve her fitness.
If a person was sick on that day, he was in bed as a result.
If a person practices softball, he gets better at softball as a result.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he will feel happy.
A person checks for a pulse in order to be sure the patient is alive.
If a person is out of time, he will feel hurried.
If a person agrees to do homework, he will feel motivated.
A person sets off on a journey in order to see the world.
A person agrees to see others again in order to keep PersonY in her life.
If a person and others cuddle, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person gets involved with others in order to be close to PersonY.
A person talks to mother on the phone in order to be in touch with her mother.
If a person learns about literature, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
A person takes good care of others's children in order to be a good parent.
A person practices to play the guitar in order to be good at something.
If a person is an advocate for literacy, he wants to read to children.
If a person consults with personY, he wants to talk to personY.
If a person discusses medical marijuana, he learns about the benefits of medical marijuana as a result.
If a person heads out for a walk, he has a nice walk as a result.
If a person throws a great party, he will feel happy.
If a person completes the project, he will feel pleased.
A person becomes deeply interested in others in order to get to know PersonY better.
If a person's honey is in danger, he will feel worried.
A person fixes the car engine in order to make the car run.
If a person remains strong, he will feel confident.
If a person finds better ways to improve, he is more productive as a result.
If a person reads book, he will feel entertained.
If a person has lost his temper, he wants to control his temper.
If a person and others sleep well, he will feel rested.
A person finally goes on a trip in order to see the world.
If a person knows that she loves others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person finds a beautiful new ring, he will feel happy.
If a person is in distress, he wants to get help.
If a person listens to people talk, he learns to listen as a result.
If a person suffers hardship, he will feel sorrowful.
If a person wins the case, he will feel happy.
If a person and others win the contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others attend a convention, he and PersonY meet other people as a result.
If a person starts making progress, he is happy as a result.
A person invites others out for lunch in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person puts food on others's table in order to help PersonY.
If a person discovers that something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person signs up for college classes, he will feel eager.
A person hires a travel agent in order to see the world.
If a person enters into an agreement, he will feel committed.
If a person shares a joke with friends, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets a wonderful opportunity, he will feel happy.
If a person continues to work, he will feel productive.
If a person earns a fair wage, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets some help, he will feel comforted.
If a person finds success, he will feel confident.
If a person hears a strange noise in the night, he will feel uneasy.
A person started her own business in order to be independent.
If a person tries to be a good citizen, he will feel responsible.
If a person knows very well what to do, he will feel confident.
A person is an active member in order to be involved in the community.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he wants to be friends with this person.
If a person tries to get through the course, he will feel determined.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening at home, he will feel content.
If a person gets in an argument, he is angry as a result.
If a person is taught lessons, he will feel educated.
If a person discovers a lead, he wants to investigate.
If a person feels a great loyalty to others, he wants to protect PersonY.
If a person takes charge of cleaning the house, he will feel in control.
If a person becomes more considerate, he will feel happy.
If a person has trouble making decisions, he will feel uncertain.
A person expects others to talk in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person starts going to the library everyday, he wants to study.
If a person takes notice of the surroundings, he will feel curious.
If a person gets prepared for a big competition, he will feel excited.
If a person regrets the decision, he wants to change his mind.
If a person exercises at the gym, he will feel refreshed.
If a person eats a hearty breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person starts running every day, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a fun evening, he will feel pleased.
A person drives to where others is in order to see PersonY.
A person explains the truth in order to be honest.
A person takes everything seriously in order to do things right.
If a person consumes large quantities of drink, he will feel tipsy.
If a person has everything that he wants, he is happy as a result.
If a person solves problem X, he will feel pleased.
If a person counts his blessings, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets the event, he wants to change the past.
A person explores her surroundings in order to know more about the world.
If a person has finally made their dream come true, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person manages to complete a project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others reestablish their relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to a temple, he will feel peaceful.
If a person studies others's hands, he wants to know more about PersonY's hands.
If a person tries to do better, he does better as a result.
If a person fights for herself, he will feel confident.
If a person and others enjoy the day, he will feel happy.
A person writes a thank-you note in order to be appreciated.
If a person visits a mystery cave, he wants to explore the cave.
If a person values others’s company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person takes on too much, he is overworked as a result.
If a person seems to be interested in something, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person shares in a hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person has a good game, he will feel happy.
If a person hears an irritating noise, he wants to stop hearing the noise.
If a person builds a shed, he has a place to store his tools as a result.
If a person downs a drink, he will feel merry.
If a person rests in bed, he will feel peaceful.
If a person celebrates New Year’s Eve, he will feel joyful.
A person mowed his lawn in order to keep his lawn neat.
If a person is a good manager, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes to a school reunion, he meets his old friends as a result.
If a person attends the museum, he enjoys the museum as a result.
If a person thought others was suspicious, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person reads many books, he will feel motivated.
If a person is good at cooking, he will feel good.
A person devotes time to some friends in order to be a good friend.
If a person understands that others is sincere, he wants to believe PersonY.
A person spends time with her family in order to be close to her family.
If a person takes back a remark, he will feel apologetic.
If a person considers his responsibility, he wants to be a responsible adult.
If a person receives a bouquet of flowers, he is pleased as a result.
A person develops new skills in order to become more competent.
If a person spends time thinking, he will feel curious.
If a person is eating and sleeping well, he will feel rested.
A person is working hard on the problem in order to get the problem solved.
If a person finds some facts, he will feel enlightened.
If a person overworked, he will feel exhausted.
If a person has a fancy dinner, he will feel content.
If a person thinks that others might not be home, he will feel worried.
If a person is employed, he will feel secure.
If a person wears a new coat, he will feel stylish.
A person moves to a new place in order to have a new place to live.
If a person volunteers to be in the play, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a case for something, he will feel persuasive.
A person leaves his father’s house in order to live on his own.
If a person experiences a loss, he wants to grieve.
If a person feels a lot less pressured, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person remembers an unpleasant thing, he feels bad as a result.
If a person makes his plans, he will feel determined.
If a person wins another fight, he will feel happy.
A person takes a course in typing in order to be able to type better.
If a person goes to sea with others, he learns to sail as a result.
If a person wins a prize at work, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a walk through the park, he will feel relaxed.
If a person leads troops to the victory, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a rest from that, he will feel relieved.
If a person begins a counseling session, he is helped by the counselor as a result.
If a person becomes concerned, he wants to be reassured.
If a person starts a tea, he will feel warm.
A person quits the company in order to do something else.
If a person grows up in a new place, he has a new life as a result.
If a person is not sure that others is there, he wants to be sure that PersonY is there.
If a person gets involved in a quarrel, he will feel hurt.
If a person is on a quest to learn more, he will feel excited.
If a person enjoys a cup of coffee, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person is the star, he is praised by his classmates as a result.
If a person experiences conflict, he will feel angry.
A person agrees to go to college in order to get a good education.
If a person gets his act together, he will feel successful.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes over as manager, he will feel empowered.
If a person smells something suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person has a moral dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
If a person takes a lot of naps, he will feel refreshed.
If a person will enjoy others's gifts, he will feel delighted.
If a person is successful at work, he will feel proud.
If a person wins others's affections, he will feel happy.
A person tries to talk things over in order to have a rational discussion.
A person reads the book in class in order to understand the book.
If a person helps organize a celebration, he feels happy as a result.
A person has a lie-in in order to be rested.
A person explores new ideas in order to expand his knowledge.
A person takes care of others’s business in order to help PersonY.
A person questions his neighbor in order to learn more about his neighbor.
If a person buys some goods, he is satisfied as a result.
A person works hard to get his diploma in order to be a successful adult.
A person fished for a long time in order to catch a fish.
If a person enjoys long walks, he will feel refreshed.
If a person overcomes difficulties, he will feel victorious.
A person avoids a risky venture in order to be safe.
A person cleans the surface in order to be tidy.
A person gives others medicine in order to help PersonY.
If a person wishes to approach others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person completes assignment, he will feel successful.
If a person fears what will happen, he will feel anxious.
A person takes a night course in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person gets his bike fixed, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to do more, he is more productive as a result.
If a person reaches the peak of perfection, he will feel proud.
If a person takes it easy, he is more relaxed as a result.
If a person makes sense of things, he will feel calm.
If a person eats a healthful lunch, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gains interest in others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person succeeds others's business, he will feel accomplished.
A person asks a bunch of questions in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person learns something new, he is better informed as a result.
A person gets together with others's sister in order to spend time with PersonY's sister.
If a person consults person Y, he gets advice from Y as a result.
If a person sits down in a chair, he will feel comfortable.
If a person takes a lot of pride in his work, he wants to be the best.
If a person starts ranting, he will feel frustrated.
A person kisses and hugs others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person enrolls in classes, he will feel pleased.
A person accepts a well-paying job in order to make money.
A person writes home to parents in order to communicate with her family.
If a person gets into a fist fight, he will feel upset.
If a person throws a big party, he will feel happy.
If a person cooks a romantic dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person considers the difficulty, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person complains about being tired, he wants to be rested.
If a person learns something about the world, he will feel curious.
If a person volunteers for community service, he will feel satisfied.
A person sees doctors in order to improve her health.
If a person and others plan a date, he will feel romantic.
If a person uses her own car, he will feel independent.
If a person likes an idea, he wants to make it happen.
A person calls others by phone in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person is involved in a shooting, he is wounded as a result.
If a person is a musician, he plays in a band as a result.
A person confronts others about past in order to know the truth.
A person waits for an important phone call in order to hear the news.
A person considers traveling in order to experience new things.
If a person puts on glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person works on others's old car, he fixes the car as a result.
If a person helps others finish the task, he will feel helpful.
If a person and others take a nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets good news, he will feel excited.
A person writes home to parents in order to keep in touch with his family.
If a person and others enjoy the sunset, he will feel happy.
If a person is suspicious of cheating, he wants to know who is cheating.
If a person overcomes everything, he will feel victorious.
If a person witnesses something terrible, he will feel saddened.
If a person is disgusted by her sister's behaviour, he wants to make her sister stop.
If a person listens to his elders, he learns to obey as a result.
A person keeps trying no matter what in order to achieve his goal.
A person gets started writing a review in order to share his experience.
If a person works on a printing press, he will feel industrious.
If a person thinks that others is missing, he looks for PersonY as a result.
If a person gets some closure, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets a good offer, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others takes a trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person worries about others’s diet, he wants to help PersonY eat healthy.
If a person enrolls in classes, he wants to take more classes.
If a person learns from others, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person makes peace, he is happy as a result.
If a person buys two new outfits, he looks good as a result.
If a person complains to his supervisor, he will feel irritated.
If a person does something good, he is praised by others as a result.
If a person has a bad day at work, he will feel sad.
A person attends meditation class in order to be calm.
If a person hangs out with their friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person puts on too much weight, he will feel fat.
If a person obtains some money, he is happy as a result.
If a person persuades others to buy the computer, he will feel successful.
If a person reads the Bible for information, he will feel edified.
A person tried to communicate with others in order to get PersonY's attention.
A person makes a small start in order to be able to start something.
If a person rides the motorcycle again, he will feel adventurous.
If a person does not like feeling trapped, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person finishes a meal, he feels full as a result.
If a person becomes the leader, he will feel confident.
If a person is received, he will feel respected.
A person travels to the beach in order to see the ocean.
If a person has to pull an all-nighter, he will feel exhausted.
A person went for a stroll in order to relax.
A person gets into the conversation in order to be included.
If a person sees a movie on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person does something wonderful for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person finally makes up with others, he will feel happy.
If a person suffers from her mistakes, he will feel ashamed.
If a person is elected for the office, he will feel important.
If a person builds an empire, he will feel powerful.
A person begins studying for tomorrow's exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person checks out others's physique, he is impressed by PersonY's physique as a result.
A person mended his ways in order to be a better person.
If a person organizes the company picnic, he will feel in charge.
If a person gets the lead, he will feel triumphant.
If a person took a quick nap, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person finds something important, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person puts a lot of time into it, he will feel committed.
A person tends to his garden in order to be in control of his environment.
If a person has a rough time of it, he will feel frustrated.
A person is involved in sports in order to be active.
If a person dislikes someone, he wants to get rid of the person.
If a person and others buy a new car, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person makes out a list, he will feel productive.
If a person takes part in a rally, he will feel energetic.
If a person finds something good on TV, he will feel content.
A person works out hard in order to be in shape.
If a person searches the Web for information, he will feel interested.
If a person learns to ride a bicycle, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person discovers the answer to her problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns to use the internet, he is more informed as a result.
If a person prepares a long-term plan, he will feel focused.
A person would leave after this day in order to be independent.
If a person searches for their target, he finds their target as a result.
If a person evades the burglars, he is unharmed as a result.
If a person goes out to have a good time, he will feel good.
A person studies literature in order to improve her knowledge.
If a person delivers a talk, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person begs others to let him go, he is allowed to leave as a result.
If a person sticks with it, he will feel confident.
If a person organizes a movie night, he gets together with his friends as a result.
If a person checks out a book, he will feel interested.
If a person devotes himself to a cause, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes a good presentation, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others watch a show on television, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person thinks about the good things in life, he feels happy as a result.
If a person asks the Lord to guide him, he receives guidance as a result.
If a person follows through with the plan, he achieves his goal as a result.
If a person is working toward her goal, he will feel motivated.
If a person practices piano, he learns to play the piano as a result.
If a person is not satisfied, he wants to be satisfied.
If a person wears the latest fashion, he will feel cool.
If a person learns to handle others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person drinks some alcohol, he will feel a little drunk.
If a person and others go to the circus, he will feel amused.
If a person agrees to mediate the conflict, he makes peace between the warring factions as a result.
If a person might lose his job, he will feel worried.
If a person's hope is rewarded, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suffers from nightmares, he wants to stop having nightmares.
If a person checks out alternatives, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes a time-out, he wants to relax.
If a person gets his revenge, he will feel pleased.
If a person doesn't enjoy their breakfast, he wants to eat a different breakfast.
A person takes others to dinner again in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person feels sorry for himself, he wants to feel better.
If a person picks out the right wine, he will feel satisfied.
If a person respects others's wishes, he wants to do things PersonY wants.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he will feel ready.
If a person trains for a run, he is fit as a result.
If a person gets ready to start again, he will feel determined.
If a person establishes a fair system, he will feel in control.
If a person remembers to take precautions, he will feel prepared.
If a person has another dull day, he will feel bored.
If a person gives a grand speech, he will feel confident.
If a person's reputation goes up, he will feel powerful.
If a person has to think it over, he will feel thoughtful.
A person tries to do good in order to make the world a better place.
A person acts according to instructions in order to be obedient.
If a person picks the right number, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a great discovery, he will feel happy.
If a person eats well for a day, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he is optimistic as a result.
If a person prays in church, he will feel connected.
If a person helps himself to food, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts to do a good job in order to be a good employee.
If a person receives his due, he will feel respected.
If a person asks personY for advice, he gets advice as a result.
If a person's purpose is completed, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person tries to figure out what is right, he wants to be right.
If a person and others chat about the old days, he will feel nostalgic.
A person prepares to head home in order to get home to his family.
If a person enjoys being surrounded by friends, he will feel relaxed.
A person travels in space in order to explore the universe.
A person tries to fix a problem in order to be helpful.
A person turns on the machine in order to make the machine work.
If a person considers the option, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person has a successful new year, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person puts the food on the table in order to feed the family.
A person asks her husband to leave in order to be alone.
A person practices on the piano in order to be a better pianist.
A person stands his ground in order to be strong.
If a person becomes strong, he gains muscle mass as a result.
If a person raises money for school, he wants to study more.
If a person is the person that others runs to, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person thinks up a new plan, he wants to implement the plan.
If a person stays home with the baby, he gets to enjoy the baby as a result.
A person calls others up to explain in order to keep PersonY in the loop.
If a person studies a subject, he wants to learn more about the subject.
A person visits his grandfather at home in order to spend time with his grandfather.
If a person puts their best foot forward, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person eats delicious meals, he will feel full.
If a person takes an interesting walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person turns on the TV, he is entertained as a result.
If a person considers a situation, he decides to do something as a result.
If a person and others become very close, he wants to keep PersonY close.
A person sends an e-mail to others in order to be in touch with PersonY.
A person keeps trying in order to succeed.
If a person is having a good time with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks long and hard, he will feel curious.
If a person dances at a wedding, he will feel happy.
If a person finds it annoying, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person joins a special group, he will feel accepted.
If a person works for a long time, he is seen as diligent.
If a person suffers an injury, he is in pain as a result.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he feels proud as a result.
If a person makes a good case, he will feel proud.
If a person is enchanted by others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person establishes her rights, he will feel secure.
A person follows a study plan in order to do well in school.
A person reads the articles in order to be informed.
If a person reflects on events of the day, he wants to remember what happened.
If a person gets involved in science, he will feel motivated.
If a person continues her work, he will feel motivated.
If a person regrets making a decision, he wants to undo the decision.
A person prepares to speak in order to be well prepared.
If a person drinks a beverage, he becomes intoxicated as a result.
A person asks a penetrating question in order to learn more about his subject.
A person begins the journey in order to explore the world.
If a person learns to help other people, he will feel helpful.
If a person suspects something is wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person keeps the project on schedule, he will feel motivated.
A person explains the truth to others in order to be honest.
If a person feels like having a quiet evening, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person shows herself at her best, he will feel confident.
If a person is a big boss, he will feel confident.
If a person and others listen to live music, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person and others goes to a concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person strives to do better, he will feel inspired.
If a person enjoys his free time, he will feel peaceful.
If a person tests his reflexes, he will feel alert.
If a person makes an extra effort, he wants to be the best.
If a person has met others in real life, he has been talking to PersonY as a result.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he is thrilled as a result.
If a person finds an error in the text, he wants to fix the error.
A person sets out on the journey in order to see the world.
A person decides to explain something in order to be honest.
A person goes shopping for clothing in order to look good.
If a person contemplates the universe, he will feel curious.
If a person asks around for more information, he learns more about the event as a result.
If a person gets some good advice, he will feel good.
A person builds a foundation in order to have a strong foundation.
A person provides medical care for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person knows others is hurting, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person phones the clinic, he wants to get a checkup.
If a person goes to the local gym, he will feel fit.
If a person fears someone will see, he will feel nervous.
A person refuses to get involved in order to stay out of trouble.
If a person thinks back to his own childhood, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person receives medication, he will feel relieved.
If a person watches a show on TV, he is entertained as a result.
A person sets out for adventure in order to be independent.
If a person goes to school for a degree, he gets a degree as a result.
If a person practices a new skill, he wants to master the skill.
If a person works out a problem, he will feel competent.
If a person re-evaluates her life, he wants to make changes.
If a person is correct, he will feel confident.
If a person knows something is happening, he will feel concerned.
If a person is hard at work, he will feel challenged.
A person takes on more responsibilities in order to be more involved.
If a person decided to go to college, he will feel happy.
A person is there when others calls in order to be available for PersonY.
A person drinks from the fountain in order to be refreshed.
If a person buys a new piece of software, he is impressed by the software as a result.
A person tries to find a different job in order to earn more money.
If a person is able to overcome adversity, he is successful as a result.
If a person accepts his award, he will feel pleased.
If a person is sorry for a long time, he wants to be forgiven.
If a person gets a nasty surprise, he feels upset as a result.
If a person enjoys an evening with others, he will feel relaxed.
If a person sings out a song, he will feel content.
If a person becomes exasperated with others, he wants to stop arguing with PersonY.
A person and others went to the park in order to be outside.
A person goes into deep meditation in order to achieve a higher level of consciousness.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he will feel happy.
If a person has a good reputation, he is popular as a result.
If a person comes to the office, he wants to get some work done.
If a person has a great, new job, he is happy as a result.
A person hurries in order to finish a task.
If a person thinks of alternatives, he wants to try new things.
A person tries hard to look straight in order to be perfect.
A person plans an interview in order to impress a potential employer.
A person sticks to her decisions in order to be consistent.
If a person contemplates human nature, he wants to know more about human nature.
If a person buys a gift for someone, he will feel happy.
A person sells something on the internet in order to make money.
If a person reads books about Proust, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person gets tickets to the concert, he will feel pleased.
If a person signs up others for boxing lessons, he wants to see PersonY become a boxer.
If a person thinks others may be cheating, he wants to find out.
A person feeds the pigeons in order to make sure the pigeons are well fed.
If a person lies down on the sofa, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person thinks he may not finish the examination, he will feel worried.
A person hops in the shower in order to be clean.
If a person took offense, he is angry as a result.
If a person marries a nice girl, he wants to be happy.
If a person enjoys a drink, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds himself in an awkward situation, he will feel nervous.
A person goes to an appointment in order to be seen by a doctor.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person reads some poetry, he enjoys poetry as a result.
If a person explores the surroundings, he will feel interested.
If a person lives a long life, he will feel healthy.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel relaxed.
A person visits others’s old apartment in order to see where PersonY lived.
A person eats the same thing every day in order to be consistent.
If a person reveals an amazing performance, he will feel proud.
If a person is getting married, he is happy as a result.
If a person inquires about others's past, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person and others fall, he and PersonY get hurt as a result.
A person tries to teach others well in order to be a good teacher.
If a person succeeds at losing weight, he is slim as a result.
A person resists pressure in order to be independent.
A person is on the phone with her dad in order to be able to talk to her dad.
A person embarks on a journey in order to see the world.
If a person goes through a rough period, he will feel sad.
If a person spends some time working on the car, he gets the car fixed as a result.
If a person believes others stole her boyfriend, he wants to prove PersonY stole her boyfriend.
If a person can't stand it anymore, he wants to leave.
If a person enjoyed listening to music, he will feel content.
If a person exercises his body, he wants to be fit.
If a person is out dancing, he will feel excited.
A person gets others to put on a jacket in order to keep PersonY warm.
If a person succeeds in a difficult enterprise, he will feel confident.
If a person performs effectively, he will feel successful.
If a person plays with the doll, he learns to play with dolls as a result.
A person enters the hospital in order to get treatment.
A person finds a book to learn from in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person stays in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person puts up with the conversation, he will feel patient.
A person questions his father in order to know the truth.
If a person checks stuff out, he learns something as a result.
If a person communicates with others about it, he wants to know what PersonY thinks.
A person gave a talk in order to share his knowledge.
A person visits a friend who is ill in order to be there for her friend.
If a person is pummeled, he is bruised as a result.
If a person is threatened by the man's aggression, he wants to be away from the man.
If a person feels yucky, he wants to feel better.
A person works on his writing skills in order to be a better writer.
A person tries to talk a little louder in order to be heard.
If a person enjoys a meal with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels betrayed by others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person celebrates with a bunch of friends, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is always thinking about what to do next, he is always busy as a result.
A person explores an area in order to learn more about the area.
If a person holds a grudge against others, he doesn’t get along with PersonY as a result.
If a person begins to relax, he will feel satisfied.
If a person rests on a park bench, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes on responsibilities, he becomes a leader as a result.
If a person overcomes fear, he feels more confident as a result.
A person helps to raise the children in order to have a good relationship with his children.
If a person finds a wonderful dress, he will feel delighted.
A person raises money for charity in order to help people.
If a person experiences conflict, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
If a person gives everyone high fives, he will feel happy.
A person takes a class to improve skills in order to be a better worker.
If a person is dressed and made up, he will feel confident.
If a person watches others playing golf, he sees PersonY’s love of golf as a result.
If a person questions others about something, he wants to know more.
If a person looks up a disease, he wants to know more about the disease.
If a person sees the silver lining, he will feel peaceful.
If a person and others take a ride, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person works on the house, he will feel motivated.
A person get dressed in order to be ready for the day.
If a person practises being tough, he will feel tough.
If a person and others take a walk together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person visits Annie in order to spend time with Annie.
If a person goes to a musical concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person wants a purpose, he wants to make a difference.
If a person is cheered up by his family, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes that he might get hurt, he wants to avoid getting hurt.
If a person claims the prize, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a message from someone very sick, he is concerned as a result.
If a person is even-tempered, he will feel peaceful.
If a person and others are watching a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person walks to the drugstore in order to get a medicine.
If a person suspects others is mad, he wants to know why PersonY is mad.
If a person has a miserable life, he will feel hopeless.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he will feel upset.
If a person works on his hobby, he will feel pleased.
If a person confused, he wants to figure out what is going on.
If a person finds it too hard, he will feel frustrated.
A person asks personY a question in order to know the answer.
If a person learns the value of friends, he is grateful for his friends as a result.
If a person visits a cultural heritage site, he will feel intrigued.
If a person fixes it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes being in charge, he will feel confident.
A person tries to compromise in order to keep the peace.
If a person has a lovely time, he will feel joyful.
If a person is putting on his coat, he will feel warm.
If a person enters a fist fight, he will feel enraged.
A person applies to a state school in order to get a good education.
If a person gets into the gym, he gets fit as a result.
A person takes a walk in order to be in nature.
If a person watches a film, he will feel content.
If a person complains about the harsh conditions, he wants to be in a better environment.
If a person tries to do something nice, he will feel pleased.
If a person runs into others at the airport, he has a chance to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person laughs and talks, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets up in the morning, he will feel alert.
A person volunteers to work at the soup kitchen in order to help others.
If a person becomes very curious, he learns to ask questions as a result.
If a person finds it suspicious, he will feel uneasy.
If a person is drinking alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
A person takes someone out for a cup of coffee in order to spend time with someone.
If a person is interested in ethical issues, he wants to do something about it.
If a person loves going out to eat, he eats out often as a result.
If a person takes care of themselves, he will feel strong.
A person speaks to an audience in order to share his ideas.
If a person is considering a job offer, he wants to make a decision.
If a person makes his own decisions, he will feel in control.
A person takes a trip to another city in order to see a new place.
If a person has a serious problem, he seeks help as a result.
If a person agrees to her demand, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reports domestic abuse, he wants to stop the abuse.
If a person hangs out with others's family, he likes PersonY's family as a result.
If a person seeks to understand others, he learns to understand PersonY as a result.
If a person enjoys his father's company, he wants to spend more time with his father.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he will feel relaxed.
A person travels for the first time in order to experience new things.
A person reports the facts in order to be objective.
If a person reads newspaper, he is informed of the news as a result.
A person gives the dog a bone in order to be kind to the dog.
If a person is a curious teacher, he learns more about teaching as a result.
If a person goes out a lot, he gets drunk as a result.
A person takes her to school in order to help her get an education.
A person begins a new job in order to earn money.
If a person learns about anger, he learns to control his anger as a result.
A person prepares a nice surprise in order to make someone happy.
If a person sees the silver lining, he has a positive attitude as a result.
If a person wants to spend a weekend in the mountains, he enjoys the weekend as a result.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to be better.
If a person liked the letter, he wants to see the letter again.
If a person grows as a person, he will feel satisfied.
If a person beats others at darts, he will feel triumphant.
A person reads over the letter in order to know what is in the letter.
If a person regrets letting others down, he apologizes to PersonY as a result.
If a person smells a nice aroma, he enjoys the aroma as a result.
If a person gets thrown out of a window, he is injured as a result.
If a person has a great life, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person works hard for the boss, he will feel valued.
A person goes back to her roots in order to return to her family.
If a person makes some progress, he will feel pleased.
If a person admits he has a problem, he wants to fix his problem.
If a person meets a person with an interesting story, he wants to listen to the story.
A person sticks to the matter in order to be consistent.
If a person buys a piano, he wants to play the piano.
If a person says that others talks too much, he wants to shut PersonY up.
If a person finds a new car, he wants to drive it.
If a person sees a potential problem, he wants to find a solution.
If a person and others listen to live music, he and PersonY enjoy the music as a result.
If a person reaches the target, he is pleased as a result.
If a person devotes her time to God, he feels closer to God as a result.
If a person recognizes the value of the data others generates, he is impressed by PersonY’s work as a result.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
If a person likes the new chair, he wants to sit in the new chair.
If a person starts to get what he wants, he will feel pleased.
If a person discovers her work is stolen, he wants to get her work back.
If a person and others begin to make a life together, he will feel hopeful.
A person does her work in order to be good at her job.
If a person becomes involved in cleaning, he will feel useful.
If a person thinks about what others is thinking, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person is skilled in teaching, he will feel confident.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he will feel relaxed.
If a person approaches a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
A person walks straight to others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person sets a dog free in order to do something nice for a dog.
If a person buys new curtains, he is pleased with the new curtains as a result.
If a person pauses to think about his answer, he will feel thoughtful.
A person writes up a survey in order to get some data.
A person moves out of the country in order to live a new life.
A person begins his new job in order to earn money.
A person has joined the army in order to serve his country.
If a person suspects that others is gone, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person makes friends with a girl, he will feel content.
If a person has lost her bearings, he has become a bit confused as a result.
If a person takes a well-deserved break, he will feel rested.
If a person undergoes training, he wants to learn more.
If a person likes to do things right, he will feel satisfied.
A person shows the film in order to show the film to the others.
If a person is found lying, he is in trouble as a result.
A person plans to go jogging in order to get in shape.
If a person finds another passion, he will feel content.
If a person discusses medicine, he learns more about medicine as a result.
If a person learns from their mistakes, he wants to do better.
If a person dances at the prom, he has a great time as a result.
A person studies for tests in order to get good grades.
A person creates an email address in order to be able to communicate with others.
If a person is an interesting person, he is liked by others as a result.
A person joins an acting class in order to be a better actor.
If a person wears an overcoat, he will feel warm.
If a person lives in a rural area, he is a country boy as a result.
If a person and others go dancing, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person plays with a toy airplane, he is excited by the toy as a result.
If a person eats the steak, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has his next priority on the list, he will feel motivated.
A person calls others’s cell phone in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person deals with a customer's problem, he is seen as helpful.
A person goes for a walk on the beach in order to be in nature.
A person wants to meet others for some reason in order to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person and others are falling in love, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person doubts the future, he will feel worried.
If a person initiates a relationship with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person decides to change things, he wants to be a different person.
If a person rides a bicycle to school, he gets exercise as a result.
A person invites others to go somewhere in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person arranges objects, he will feel organized.
If a person learns to rely on himself, he is able to cope with his problems as a result.
If a person likes talking to old people, he gets to know some old people as a result.
If a person finds the right service, he wants to use the service.
If a person becomes a leader, he will feel empowered.
If a person is a successful painter, he is recognized by his peers as a result.
If a person does a play, he will feel creative.
If a person does not like working late, he wants to work early.
If a person looks in an encyclopedia, he will feel curious.
If a person participates in activism, he wants to get involved in the political process.
If a person has turned his life around, he is happy as a result.
A person responds to others’s needs in order to please PersonY.
A person starts working in the field in order to earn money.
A person avoids social contact in order to be alone.
A person has done research in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person gets noticed, he will feel appreciated.
If a person admires the sunset, he will feel tranquil.
If a person has a lively conversation, he will feel entertained.
A person opens the conversation in order to communicate with the other characters.
A person starts to settle down in order to be a family man.
If a person enjoys a nice conversation, he will feel at ease.
If a person is engaged in debate, he will feel intelligent.
A person meets someone for a date in order to be romantically involved.
If a person smells a terrible odor, he will feel repulsed.
If a person accepts the decision, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets up early for practice, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others lose weight, he and PersonY are healthier as a result.
If a person begins to look around, he will feel intrigued.
If a person gets help from personY, he will feel encouraged.
If a person buys a bouquet of flowers, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a suitable job, he will feel pleased.
If a person discovers a new crop of flowers, he wants to see the flowers.
A person visits web site in order to see what the web site has to offer.
If a person has just made a promise, he wants to keep his promise.
A person organizes a press conference in order to communicate with the public.
If a person has a hard time with all of this, he will feel confused.
A person explores new ideas in order to be innovative.
If a person enjoys lying on the bed with others, he is able to relax as a result.
If a person has intense nightmares, he will feel terrified.
If a person likes to play tennis, he wants to play more tennis.
If a person devours a platter of meat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sits back and eats, he will feel full.
If a person receives a death threat, he is frightened as a result.
A person performs in-depth research in order to be informed.
If a person thinks that others is lying, he wants to know the truth.
If a person receives kindness from others, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
If a person takes on an initiative, he wants to be a leader.
If a person gets on the computer, he learns to use the computer as a result.
If a person finally gets a pay rise, he will feel happy.
If a person fills a water bottle, he will feel refreshed.
A person resists his mother in order to be independent.
If a person and others dress up, he will feel glamorous.
If a person reads newspapers, he is informed about current events as a result.
If a person sees something he's never seen before, he will feel curious.
If a person takes on a cause, he gets involved in the community as a result.
A person is extremely careful in order to avoid a mistake.
A person looks for new jobs in order to earn more money.
If a person heads to the library, he reads a book as a result.
If a person convinces others to eat, he will feel pleased.
If a person acquires a reputation, he will feel good.
If a person plays with the music box, he will feel content.
If a person considers two points of view, he wants to read both points of view.
A person accepts a dinner invitation from others in order to have a nice dinner with PersonY.
If a person had a quarrel with others, he is annoyed with PersonY as a result.
If a person seizes the moment, he will feel excited.
If a person has a great time at work, he will feel confident.
If a person gets something done, he will feel satisfied.
If a person draws up a plan, he wants to implement the plan.
If a person thinks something is wrong, he will feel worried.
A person takes a walk with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person puts their best foot forward, he will feel confident.
If a person worries about feeling trapped, he wants to feel free.
If a person wins for once, he is happy as a result.
If a person asks others about his work, he will feel interested.
If a person finds a new beginning, he wants to continue with his new life.
A person puts her hand out for something in order to be able to help someone.
If a person settles arguments, he will feel calm.
A person listens to some songs in order to enjoy some music.
If a person regrets that, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets to play, he is pleased as a result.
If a person notices others doesn't feel well, he wants to help PersonY.
A person dialed the number in order to speak to someone.
If a person receives a positive email, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a bright future, he will feel happy.
If a person is given a reward, he will feel appreciated.
If a person makes a clear decision, he will feel in control.
A person tries to pick up the slack in order to be useful.
If a person gets better advice from others, he will feel pleased.
If a person's home gets broken into, he 's possessions are stolen as a result.
If a person and others see a great show, he will feel happy.
If a person learns new techniques, he wants to use the new techniques.
If a person puts his plan into action, he wants to succeed.
A person turns his body towards others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person does some experimenting, he wants to try something new.
If a person suffers injuries, he is treated as a result.
A person sends out the message in order to communicate with the outside world.
A person begins to play the sport of golf in order to be a good golfer.
If a person is a shrewd investigator, he discovers the truth as a result.
If a person reads ancient philosophical texts, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person and others find love, he will feel content.
A person takes on more work in order to earn more money.
If a person attends to a family matter, he wants to be with his family.
If a person has a great, new job, he will feel confident.
If a person is sympathetic to others's questions, he is supportive of PersonY as a result.
A person pulls others out of her shell in order to help PersonY become more social.
If a person gets clubbed, he is in pain as a result.
If a person applies to the university, he wants to be accepted.
If a person puts in an offer on a house, he will feel hopeful.
If a person practices a sport, he will feel energetic.
A person decides to check on others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person manages the prison in order to keep the prison running.
If a person studies the information, he wants to learn more.
A person takes personY to their house in order to spend time with personY.
A person is working overtime in order to make more money.
If a person hears the most shocking news, he will feel stunned.
A person posts it online in order to share it with the world.
A person works through the night in order to finish the job.
If a person has her work stolen, he wants to get her work back.
If a person returns from the shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person devotes time to talk about herself in order to know herself better.
If a person likes to spend time with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person prevents others's retirement in order to keep PersonY working.
A person goes back to church in order to get back to his religious roots.
If a person suspects a trap, he will feel cautious.
If a person is in dire straits, he will feel helpless.
If a person does whatever he or she is told, he will feel compliant.
If a person is cheered up by his family, he feels happier as a result.
If a person makes a speech to the crowd, he is seen as eloquent.
A person continues to walk in order to keep moving.
If a person is frustrated by it, he gets angry as a result.
A person is a good planner in order to be prepared for any situation.
If a person thinks that he or she is being haunted, he wants to find out what is haunting him or her.
If a person is sorry for taking things for granted, he wants to be more grateful.
A person gives others attention in order to help PersonY.
If a person realizes that his cousin needs help, he will feel concerned.
If a person jogs at sunrise, he will feel energetic.
If a person is the author of a popular book, he is celebrated by his fans as a result.
If a person reaches the goal, he will feel happy.
If a person and others visit a museum, he and PersonY enjoy the museum as a result.
If a person completes an agreement, he will feel satisfied.
If a person shares his thoughts with others, he is seen as insightful.
If a person goes where he wants to go, he will feel free.
If a person demonstrates her skill, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a nice, solid relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person has a lot of fun, he will feel satisfied.
A person takes pictures of things in order to document things.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to find out what is wrong.
A person runs off to new places in order to be independent.
If a person can't relax, he will feel anxious.
If a person watches movies on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person continues with the project, he will feel determined.
If a person is accepted at a prestigious university, he is pleased as a result.
If a person takes a hot bath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person spends a weekend at the seashore, he enjoys the beach as a result.
A person gets out of the project in order to do something else.
If a person enjoys art, he wants to paint.
A person waits for others to speak in order to know what PersonY thinks.
A person practices his preaching in order to be a good preacher.
If a person gets hit by a puck, he is injured as a result.
If a person laughs with someone, he will feel happy.
A person takes others to 's house in order to show PersonY the house.
A person is at school in order to learn.
If a person adopts a new hobby, he will feel energized.
If a person gets interested in art, he wants to paint.
If a person finds what she’s looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes an unpleasant discovery, he will feel upset.
If a person improves the productivity, he will feel pleased.
If a person joins a library, he wants to read more.
If a person learns how to dance, he will feel good.
If a person talks with the neighbours, he gets to know the neighbours as a result.
A person practices listening in order to be more attentive.
If a person practices his golf swing, he becomes a better golfer as a result.
A person does everything quickly in order to be efficient.
If a person faces financial ruin, he will feel desperate.
If a person listens to his conscience, he wants to be more moral.
If a person pulls others to his room, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person completes a painting, he will feel pleased.
A person begins to eat in order to feel full.
If a person serves as an example, he inspires others as a result.
If a person considers the environment, he wants to help the environment.
If a person wants to make peace, he will feel calm.
If a person questions his path, he wants to find a new path.
If a person promises others he will do it, he will feel confident.
A person carries out an action in order to complete a task.
If a person does something useful, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes back to see the person, he wants to talk to the person.
If a person receives unexpected support, he will feel encouraged.
A person drinks some water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person begins to learn, he improves his knowledge as a result.
If a person is losing her job, he will feel upset.
If a person receives payment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person shares his thoughts with others, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person listens to what is said, he understands what is said as a result.
If a person listens to news on radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person eats a big breakfast, he will feel full.
If a person sings and plays an instrument, he is talented as a result.
A person talks on the telephone in order to communicate with someone.
If a person realizes he is right, he will feel confident.
If a person wants to show thanks to others, he will feel happy.
If a person kicks the ball around, he will feel playful.
If a person finishes her book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person beats others at Scrabble, he will feel triumphant.
If a person researches others's roots, he learns about PersonY's family as a result.
A person drives north in order to be on the road.
A person returns to therapy in order to feel better.
A person puts things in their proper place in order to be organized.
If a person takes up dancing, he will feel energetic.
If a person has a great new idea, he wants to run with the idea.
If a person can't accept the experience, he wants to change the experience.
If a person studies others’s every move, he wants to know everything about PersonY.
If a person worries about what might happen, he wants to be prepared.
If a person accompanies others on a journey, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person receives his due, he will feel content.
If a person prepares for a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person is respectful to other people, he is a good person as a result.
A person begins to say something in order to talk to someone.
If a person is bothered by a false rumor, he wants to get the rumor stopped.
A person buys a new set of furniture in order to be comfortable.
If a person is concerned with the poor, he helps the poor as a result.
A person pays for others's wedding in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes for walks, he will feel content.
If a person likes to communicate, he wants to communicate more.
A person works diligently in order to be a good employee.
If a person writes a good comment, he will feel pleased.
A person continues the conversation in order to keep the conversation going.
If a person buys many books, he wants to read more.
If a person is tired of the game, he wants to quit.
If a person agrees to start a group, he meets other people as a result.
If a person trains kendo, he gets better at kendo as a result.
If a person receives a broken bone, he will feel in pain.
If a person has good memories, he will feel satisfied.
If a person visits Annie, he gets to know Annie as a result.
A person searches for others's name online in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person takes a nose dive, he is injured as a result.
A person tries to look good for an event in order to impress people.
If a person signs up for therapy, he feels better as a result.
If a person takes the job, he will feel successful.
If a person washes his hands, he will feel clean.
If a person asks the Lord for advice, he wants to pray.
If a person finds herself in a dilemma, he will feel frustrated.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he will feel peaceful.
If a person buys a share of stock, he will feel pleased.
If a person agrees to marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person learns English in class, he becomes fluent in English as a result.
If a person draws up a plan, he wants to follow through.
A person follows others out in order to know what PersonY is doing.
If a person stops and considers his options, he will feel curious.
If a person manages to prove it, he will feel proud.
If a person goes dancing with friends, he will feel excited.
If a person achieves her goals, he is happy as a result.
If a person begins to meditate, he will feel peaceful.
If a person reads from a book, he will feel interested.
If a person likes someone, he wants to be with that person.
A person tried to open the door in order to get out of the house.
If a person takes advantage of a business opportunity, he will feel smart.
If a person reads a report, he will feel interested.
If a person has been collecting information, he wants to use the information.
If a person gets stronger, he will feel confident.
A person is working on the computer in order to be able to use the computer.
If a person is excited about the project, he wants to finish the project.
A person tries to pay attention in order to learn.
A person puts his foot in the water in order to feel the water.
If a person becomes prosperous, he will feel happy.
If a person fears reprisal, he will feel nervous.
If a person does yoga for the first time, he feels good as a result.
If a person walks for exercise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is working late, he is not home as a result.
If a person finds some sort of work, he will feel happy.
If a person carries on a dialog, he will feel involved.
If a person expresses concern for others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person's health declined, he will feel concerned.
A person performs in the community in order to make a difference.
If a person cracks the code, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a better time, he will feel joyful.
If a person suddenly remembers something, he wants to remember what it is.
If a person lives a healthy life, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to the church, he learns to pray as a result.
A person visits their neighbor in order to get to know their neighbor.
If a person lives in pain, he will feel unhappy.
If a person gets a foot massage, he feels better as a result.
A person puts in his orders in order to get things done.
A person takes the baby to the park in order to spend time with the baby.
If a person takes care of self, he feels better as a result.
If a person has a vacation from work, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person knows how to cope, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets out of the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person thinks hard about things, he wants to make decisions.
If a person sells well, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains in a new place, he will feel motivated.
A person checks to see in order to make sure.
If a person receives instructions, he does what he is told as a result.
If a person overcomes obstacles, he will feel victorious.
If a person has a good record, he will feel successful.
If a person pushes himself, he will feel energetic.
A person helps a senior citizen cross the street in order to be helpful.
A person uses his shopping time effectively in order to be able to buy what he needs.
If a person starts working in the field, he will feel motivated.
If a person dances with a friend, he will feel excited.
If a person helps others around the house, he will feel helpful.
If a person is now in charge, he will feel powerful.
If a person sees his neighbor's house on fire, he is concerned about his neighbor as a result.
If a person wants to be responsible, he wants to take care of his family.
If a person decided to take it easy, he will feel relaxed.
A person engages in small talk in order to connect with others.
If a person gets his reward, he will feel content.
If a person does not like the same music as others, he listens to different music as a result.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he will feel joyful.
A person gives others an example in order to show PersonY how to do something.
If a person accepts a compliment, he will feel happy.
If a person starts playing the sport again, he will feel good.
A person tries to apply the rubicon to the situation in order to be rational.
If a person becomes threatened, he wants to protect himself.
If a person has a couple of arguments, he will feel annoyed.
If a person publishes a very successful book, he will feel accomplished.
If a person goes into detail, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person reads about a recent case, he will feel informed.
A person jumps into the shower in order to feel clean.
A person has a meal at home in order to eat a home cooked meal.
If a person fumbles for words, he will feel confused.
A person reads the notice again in order to understand the notice.
A person looks after her kids in order to be a good mother.
If a person finds a hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person has a fancy dinner, he has a great time as a result.
If a person imagines himself being caught, he will feel scared.
A person trains intensely in order to be a good athlete.
A person spends time with others's daughter in order to be close to PersonY's daughter.
If a person sets out on a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person explores many countries, he learns about the world as a result.
If a person joins a hobby, he enjoys his hobby as a result.
If a person gives others an argument, he and PersonY are angry as a result.
If a person explores new ideas, he wants to keep exploring.
A person has a look at the letter in order to know what is in the letter.
If a person keeps notes on others, he knows more about PersonY as a result.
If a person takes up painting, he will feel pleased.
A person reminds others of school in order to keep PersonY on track.
If a person consumes excessive alcohol, he will feel drunk.
If a person questions the ground, he wants to find out the truth.
If a person believes in the value of education, he wants to get a degree.
If a person enjoys a nice conversation, he wants to have a long conversation.
If a person searches for evidence, he finds evidence as a result.
If a person gains some new information, he wants to use the information.
If a person has no legal recourse, he will feel powerless.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he discovers the neighbour’s secret as a result.
If a person likes to meditate, he will feel peaceful.
If a person performs community service, he will feel good.
If a person does it with class, he will feel successful.
A person asks a friend for advice in order to learn from his friend.
If a person has a party at her house, he will feel happy.
If a person isn't satisfied, he wants to do better.
If a person experiences negative results, he will feel disappointed.
If a person studies the stars, he learns about astronomy as a result.
A person continues to remain composed in order to remain focused.
If a person prepares a special party, he has a good time as a result.
A person looks at others's soul in order to know PersonY's inner thoughts.
If a person gets along with people, he will feel respected.
If a person believes that others is a very nice person, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person decides on a solution, he will feel confident.
If a person learns to behave, he wants to be a good boy.
If a person is able to do his thing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person always says what she means, he will feel honest.
If a person realises that others is getting better, he is happy for PersonY as a result.
If a person leaves for others’s home, he sees PersonY’s family as a result.
A person talks on the phone with others in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person volunteers to be a sports coach, he teaches sports to children as a result.
A person promises to take better care of others in order to be a good father.
A person practices their skill in order to improve their skill.
If a person has a better time, he will feel happy.
If a person decided to take it easy, he will feel calm.
If a person shows off his trophies, he will feel proud.
If a person enjoys a private conversation with others, he wants to talk to PersonY more.
If a person tries a new medication, he wants to get better.
If a person gets closer to his goal, he will feel confident.
If a person does a good job with a new project, he will feel satisfied.
A person travels to strange lands in order to explore the world.
If a person decides to exercise, he will feel energized.
A person asks for the lecture notes in order to be prepared for the lecture.
If a person learns and grows, he wants to be more mature.
If a person accepts responsibility for a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person works out three times a week, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person buys a new bike, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks twice, he will feel cautious.
A person sits by the fire in order to be warm.
If a person and others have a nice time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works at his garden, he will feel productive.
If a person is asked for help by others, he helps PersonY as a result.
A person buys a new house in order to live in a nice house.
If a person practices a new skill, he improves his skill as a result.
If a person is concerned about the gambling operations, he wants to find out more about the gambling operations.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he wants to continue to enjoy herself.
If a person has a good imagination, he will feel inspired.
If a person reads a textbook on Chinese history, he will feel interested.
If a person has bought others some flowers, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person gets his bike fixed, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a business opportunity, he will feel hopeful.
If a person becomes a member of a club, he will feel welcomed.
If a person is under siege, he wants to escape.
If a person's car gets stuck in the snow, he wants to get his car out of the snow.
If a person eats some pie, he will feel full.
If a person reads news online, he learns about current events as a result.
If a person addresses others in a courteous manner, he will feel respectful.
If a person sits down and relaxes, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to see a therapist, he will feel comforted.
If a person passes an exam, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels that others is less than truthful, he wants to know the truth.
A person goes into a vehicle in order to get to a destination.
If a person has a successful marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person provides support for others, he will feel good.
If a person says thanks, he will feel happy.
A person tries to speak English in order to be able to communicate with people.
If a person becomes one with nature, he will feel peaceful.
A person urges others to talk in order PersonY to express his feelings.
If a person thinks a pet has been stolen, he wants to find the pet.
If a person reads aloud from a book, he will feel interested.
If a person caught some thieves, he will feel victorious.
A person starts to take a stand in order to be independent.
If a person regrets buying a clunker, he wants to buy a better car.
A person prepares to open the package in order to see what is inside.
If a person thought others was cheating, he wants to find out if PersonY is cheating.
If a person finds the right service, he is happy as a result.
If a person follows up with others, he wants to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person knows that others is going to die, he wants to stop PersonY from dying.
A person is eating at a restaurant in order to enjoy a meal.
If a person keeps up his appearance, he looks good as a result.
A person is going to church in order to be spiritual.
If a person knows how to choose clothes, he looks good as a result.
A person "sticks" with others in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
If a person takes care of the details, he will feel in control.
If a person volunteers for community service, he will feel responsible.
If a person has noticed that his boss is missing, he will feel concerned.
If a person takes care of pets, he is good with animals as a result.
If a person plans to read a book after work, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets tired of packing, he wants to unpack.
If a person takes home a stray cat, he wants to keep the cat.
If a person serves her customers, he will feel good.
A person looks into the woods in order to see what is there.
If a person cannot bear the news, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person gives others a nice present, he will feel pleased.
A person volunteers at the shelter in order to help people.
If a person enjoys doing something, he wants to do more of that thing.
A person shows you a good time in order to make you happy.
If a person loves others's cooking, he will feel content.
If a person smells something foul, he is disgusted as a result.
If a person becomes fond of others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
A person gets therapy in order to work on his problems.
A person re-reads the note in order to understand the note.
A person reads the rules in order to follow the rules.
If a person consults a book, he will feel informed.
If a person endures evil with good, he will feel victorious.
If a person works on his term paper, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes a good sale, he will feel pleased.
A person writes in words in order to express herself.
If a person is a jogging enthusiast, he will feel energized.
If a person reunites with the baby, he and the baby are happy as a result.
A person organizes his room in order to have a clean room.
A person went out for a walk in order to be alone.
A person would like to talk with others in order to ask PersonY a question.
If a person tries to keep cool, he will feel calm.
A person is going on a journey in order to experience new things.
If a person can't rest, he will feel restless.
If a person leaves with a smile, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person does a selfless deed, he will feel good.
If a person passes an important test, he will feel happy.
A person agrees to seeing a counselor in order to feel better.
If a person rests in the park, he will feel content.
If a person buys a new piano, he wants to play the piano.
If a person learns some thing, he becomes more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person takes part in an exercise class, he will feel healthy.
If a person is courteous to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person looks into it, he will feel curious.
If a person registers at the training course, he gets fit as a result.
If a person visits others’s former home, he learns about PersonY’s past as a result.
A person writes about the world in order to share her knowledge.
If a person acquires new data, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes through a tough time, he will feel down.
A person proceeds to the family dinner in order to be with his family.
If a person seems to be enjoying himself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets a feeling, he wants to follow the feeling.
If a person begins to see a therapist, he feels better as a result.
If a person learns to play the cello, he improves his skills as a result.
A person defends her sister in order to be the good sister.
If a person and others finds a nice apartment, he will feel pleased.
If a person gives a good service, he gets a good review as a result.
If a person meets his neighbors, he wants to get to know his neighbors.
If a person and others starts an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person faces a danger, he wants to be safe.
If a person gets closer to his goal, he will feel happy.
If a person asks what others has to say, he hears PersonY’s opinion as a result.
If a person is annoyed by others's belittling, he wants to stop PersonY from being mean.
A person fills in the details in order to be thorough.
If a person gets tired of school, he wants to quit school.
A person gives others comfort in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person finishes supper, he will feel full.
If a person carries out the job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person plays the main part, he will feel important.
If a person hunts for a better job, he will feel determined.
If a person is a good homemaker, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reasons about a matter, he will feel reasonable.
If a person meets someone and asks for help, he receives help as a result.
If a person realizes that she needs to learn from the past, he wants to be a better person.
If a person gives his girlfriend a gift, he ’s girlfriend is pleased as a result.
If a person gets more than enough, he will feel satisfied.
A person thinks to check the box in order to be sure.
If a person is convinced of what he's doing, he will feel excited.
If a person maintains a flawless reputation, he will feel admired.
If a person has a brief respite, he will feel content.
A person has just handed the problem over to others in order PersonY to be able to handle the problem.
A person tries to offer others something in order to be helpful.
If a person gets rewarded, he will feel happy.
A person turns on the shower in order to feel clean.
If a person and others begin to fight, he is angry as a result.
If a person puts in the work, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is facing hard times, he will feel upset.
If a person enjoys some music, he wants to play music.
If a person loves to search for a new hobby, he will feel inspired.
If a person develops an idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person chooses to rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person takes a leisurely stroll on the beach, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person cooks a gourmet meal, he will feel pleased.
A person works on his thesis in order to finish his thesis.
If a person improves his reputation, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person has a physical ailment, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person follows the proper procedure, he will feel competent.
A person starts to make phone calls in order to reach out to people.
If a person sees his family is suffering, he wants to help his family.
A person writes a letter to his children in order to let his children know how he is doing.
If a person always knows what to do, he will feel in control.
If a person sits at the front of the class, he will feel in control.
A person cares about and takes care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person signs up for yoga, he will feel relaxed.
If a person asks a series of questions, he will feel interested.
If a person trains for years, he will feel motivated.
If a person talks about accepting, he will feel open.
If a person gets in the driver's seat, he will feel in control.
A person studies for the next exam in order to do well on the next exam.
If a person notices something missing, he wants to find out what is missing.
If a person sets her mind to something, he will feel confident.
If a person contributes to the public, he will feel good.
If a person builds his business, he wants to be a successful businessman.
A person is researching on their own in order to find out more about the subject.
A person invites a friend for dinner in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person has others's intentions, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person takes care of the water pump in order to keep the water pump working.
A person launches an investigation in order to find out the truth.
If a person spends few days with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person feels concerned about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person lies down and takes a snooze, he will feel rested.
If a person participates in sports, he gets into shape as a result.
A person talks to the others in order to have a conversation.
If a person looks up some information, he learns something new as a result.
If a person has fun in another country, he will feel content.
If a person has been disappointed, he is discouraged as a result.
If a person earns lots of money, he will feel successful.
If a person feels exhausted, he wants to sleep.
If a person gets his coat and hat, he will feel prepared.
If a person experiences uncertainty, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person gets ready to study, he studies for an exam as a result.
If a person is a prominent member of society, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person is overburdened with debt, he wants to get out of debt.
If a person is a good salesperson, he will feel confident.
If a person reconsiders its motivations, he will feel uncertain.
If a person finds common ground, he will feel comfortable.
If a person wins over his enemies, he will feel powerful.
A person takes a college entrance exam in order to be ready for college.
If a person does the right thing, he will feel good.
If a person read a pamphlet, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person thinks of a clever question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person has a terrible experience, he is upset as a result.
If a person works on getting to know others, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
A person goes to a gallery opening in order to see a new exhibition.
If a person overindulges, he will feel regretful.
If a person thinks of a topic, he wants to talk about it.
If a person sets up a long-term plan, he wants to see the plan through.
A person moves to the next step in order to achieve his goal.
If a person pulls others aside, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is good at Spanish, he speaks Spanish fluently as a result.
If a person deserves to win, he will feel confident.
If a person gets the big break, he will feel pleased.
If a person is prepared for exams, he will feel confident.
If a person takes up Martial Arts, he wants to get better at Martial Arts.
If a person gets a blow to the head, he loses consciousness as a result.
If a person steps out of the shower, he will feel clean.
A person tries to start a new conversation in order to be social.
If a person wants to get advice from others, he is advised by PersonY as a result.
If a person has a lovely view, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person regrets making the phone call, he wants to apologize.
If a person teaches others about himself, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person regrets misjudging something, he wants to fix the situation.
If a person has a drink in the evening, he will feel inebriated.
If a person gets what he deserves, he will feel pleased.
A person checks if something is true in order to be sure.
If a person has learned something, he wants to share what he has learned.
A person tries a new technique in order to improve his skills.
If a person turns on the television, he is entertained as a result.
If a person reunites with friends, he will feel content.
A person cooks for his friends in order to make his friends happy.
If a person acquires the capital needed to begin a business, he will feel confident.
If a person feels sick and gets nauseous, he wants to feel better.
A person thinks things through in order to make the right decision.
If a person gets himself into trouble, he will feel guilty.
If a person goes to an outdoor concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
If a person expects to be handsomely rewarded, he will feel confident.
If a person reaches out to his father, he wants to spend more time with his father.
If a person sees the good in others, he will feel hopeful.
A person resigns from the project in order to do something else.
If a person asks for information, he is told the information as a result.
A person has a long chat with others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person has a good memory, he remembers everything as a result.
A person confronts the bully in order to stand up for what is right.
If a person becomes a well-known author, he will feel respected.
If a person works on the wall, he makes progress as a result.
If a person puts a stop to the noise, he will feel in control.
If a person storms off, he wants to be alone.
If a person gets shot, he will feel in pain.
If a person feels perplexed, he wants to understand.
If a person becomes attracted to others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
A person thinks about trying out for the team in order to be a better athlete.
If a person is playing with the kids, he has fun with the kids as a result.
If a person acts according to instructions, he will feel obedient.
If a person decides to learn, he will feel determined.
If a person realizes that he or she will lose everything, he will feel worried.
If a person buys what she needs, he will feel satisfied.
A person calls and apologizes in order to make amends.
If a person accuses others of being a fake, he wants to prove PersonY is a fake.
If a person visits the seaside, he will feel content.
If a person overhears people talking, he wants to know what they are talking about.
A person avoids greeting in order to avoid the stress of greeting.
A person tries his hand at cooking in order to learn how to cook.
If a person puts pen to paper, he will feel creative.
If a person has an interesting career, he will feel excited.
If a person watches a DVD, he will feel entertained.
If a person puts something in order, he will feel pleased.
If a person falls down and makes a scene, he will feel upset.
If a person retells the events, he is seen as truthful.
If a person learns how to act like a man, he becomes more masculine as a result.
A person moves in with relatives in order to be close to his family.
If a person wants to avoid an argument, he stays calm as a result.
If a person gets cold, he wants to warm up.
If a person receives an invitation, he wants to attend the party.
If a person helps to carry others’s groceries, he will feel helpful.
A person shows others a novel in order to show PersonY a good book.
If a person feels guilty about cheating on others, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
If a person is checked up on, he will feel cared for.
If a person likes others as a good friend, he wants to be closer to PersonY.
A person decides to leave the place in order to be independent.
If a person is meditating, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person has lost his wallet, he wants to find his wallet.
If a person called for help, he receives help as a result.
If a person makes a good living, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person leads troops to the victory, he will feel proud.
If a person gets used to a new program, he will feel confident.
A person transfers money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets advice from her father, he will feel supported.
If a person behaves nicely, he will feel good.
If a person looks for help from their neighbours, he will feel supported.
If a person handles a crisis, he will feel capable.
If a person was complimented by others, he is pleased by PersonY’s comment as a result.
If a person is worried about becoming fat, he wants to lose weight.
If a person fixes her favorite meal, he will feel happy.
If a person has a respectable position, he is well-respected as a result.
If a person asks for help from others, he will feel supported.
If a person gets quite a deal, he is happy as a result.
A person gets a work permit in order to be able to earn money.
If a person and others makes up, he will feel happy.
If a person goes back to her roots, he is inspired by her heritage as a result.
If a person is dazzled by the possibilities, he wants to explore.
If a person looks into the situation, he wants to know more.
A person submits a resume in order to be hired.
If a person thinks hard about it, he will feel thoughtful.
A person finds a secluded spot in order to be alone.
A person cleans up his room in order to be neat.
A person prevents others from taking a day off in order to keep PersonY working.
A person moves to the next step in order to reach his goal.
If a person takes out loans, he will feel in debt.
If a person concludes a bargain, he wants to keep the bargain.
If a person goes to the art gallery, he likes the art as a result.
If a person prepares for tomorrow's event, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds a cool place to live, he will feel thrilled.
If a person takes in every detail, he will feel interested.
If a person is sorry for messing up, he wants to make up for it.
If a person is a hit in his new setting, he is liked by his coworkers as a result.
If a person is full of bad memories, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel confident.
If a person is in charge of the team, he will feel powerful.
If a person contributes to a common good, he wants to be a member of the community.
A person heads for the cemetery in order to pay his respects.
A person waits for others to talk in order to hear PersonY's opinion.
If a person looks to others for confirmation, he is reassured by PersonY as a result.
If a person listens to others’s problems, he is helpful to PersonY as a result.
A person takes the time to eat in order to have a good meal.
If a person signs up for college classes, he will feel determined.
If a person picks up the diary, he wants to read the diary.
If a person does something good, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts taking computer science, he learns to program as a result.
If a person is going to relax for a few minutes, he will feel relaxed.
A person works out for two hours in order to be in shape.
If a person finds the courage to apologize, he wants to make amends.
If a person watches old movies, he is entertained as a result.
If a person enjoys a meal with others, he will feel happy.
If a person studies the old photographs, he will feel interested.
If a person discovers a new talent, he wants to practice his new skill.
If a person has an important message, he wants to send the message.
If a person receives a wonderful promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to feel better, he is happy as a result.
If a person recalls something about her early childhood, he feels a sense of nostalgia as a result.
If a person becomes famous, he is praised by his fans as a result.
A person arranges the room in order to make the room look nice.
If a person reads his horoscope, he wants to know what the future holds.
If a person learns about others's new invention, he is interested in PersonY's invention as a result.
If a person thinks and acts for himself, he will feel self-confident.
If a person is interested in the dispute, he wants to know more.
If a person has a successful transaction, he will feel satisfied.
A person skips to others's side in order to help PersonY.
A person decides to clean in order to be organized.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he will feel comfortable.
If a person thinks about different possibilities, he wants to do different things.
If a person travels to a new place, he wants to explore.
If a person suffers from flatulence, he wants to get rid of his gas.
A person begins painting a picture in order to express himself.
If a person begins to panic, he wants to calm down.
A person begins painting a picture in order to be creative.
A person cooks for his family in order to make his family happy.
If a person repeats others's statements, he will feel in agreement.
If a person purchases a new car, he will feel happy.
A person came to meet me in order to have a conversation.
If a person finishes a project on time, he is seen as reliable.
If a person crawls into others's arms, he is comforted by PersonY as a result.
If a person feels in need of help, he seeks counseling as a result.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he goes there as a result.
If a person sees the leak, he wants to fix the leak.
A person questions everything in order to find the truth.
If a person dances the boogie, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes her way over to others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person learns about computers, he is interested in computers as a result.
If a person has a bad experience, he is upset as a result.
If a person begins to study, he will feel motivated.
A person visits the old person in order to help the old person.
If a person gets paid well, he will feel pleased.
If a person considers the outcome, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person has a happy family, he will feel content.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he will feel satisfied.
A person works hard in order to be successful.
If a person grows the business, he will feel satisfied.
If a person bakes a good cake, he will feel pleased.
If a person hangs out at the seaside, he will feel relaxed.
If a person convinces others to live with her, he will feel happy.
If a person decided to take up swimming, he wants to be a better swimmer.
If a person makes it to the gym, he gets fit as a result.
If a person dances in place, he will feel joyful.
If a person sees a play, he will feel entertained.
If a person has sex with me, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person works hard on a project, he wants to finish the project.
If a person gets accepted into school, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes personal responsibility, he will feel in control.
A person tries to convince the crowd in order to get a good response.
If a person is on a quest to learn more, he will feel inspired.
If a person gets a new dress, he will feel pretty.
If a person receives a promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets the new gadget, he will feel happy.
If a person is dedicated to his job, he will feel fulfilled.
A person puts his plan into action in order to succeed.
If a person gets dressed, he will feel put together.
If a person joins a swim team, he gets fit as a result.
If a person and others see a great show, he will feel delighted.
If a person finally finds a good job, he is happy as a result.
If a person watches a special television program, he is entertained as a result.
If a person is welcomed, he will feel at home.
A person gets cleaned up in order to look presentable.
A person decides to leave for somewhere in order to be independent.
If a person starts to paint, he will feel creative.
If a person is getting ready to have an amazing time, he will feel energized.
A person writes down notes about others in order to remember PersonY.
If a person goes out to a fancy dinner, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
If a person picks up others’s camera, he wants to take pictures.
A person takes an early morning jog in order to start the day off with exercise.
A person is a close friend of others in order to be part of PersonY's life.
If a person asked for help, he receives help as a result.
If a person's bike goes missing, he wants to find his bike.
If a person complains about a dirty sink, he wants to clean the sink.
A person reads a book on driving in order to learn how to drive.
If a person breaks a limb, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is no longer satisfied, he wants to have a better life.
If a person goes to a church with friends, he has a religious experience as a result.
A person reaches out to his father in order to repair his relationship with his father.
If a person encourages himself, he will feel strong.
If a person gets back in the pool, he will feel refreshed.
If a person observes others's impressive fighting skills, he will feel impressed.
A person reasons about a matter in order to be logical.
If a person goes to a musical concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
If a person has a very enjoyable time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person practices self-control, he becomes more disciplined as a result.
If a person admires others's case, he wants to get a case like PersonY's.
If a person plans a surprise for others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person is surrounded by family and friends, he will feel happy.
If a person has got some odd jobs, he will feel busy.
A person spends all day writing letters in order to express her feelings.
A person writes to the local police in order to make sure that the police are informed.
If a person has an urgent need, he wants to do something about it.
If a person enforces the law, he will feel righteous.
If a person has a relaxing day, he feels refreshed as a result.
A person thinks ahead of time in order to be prepared for a task.
If a person spots something suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person asks for advice about others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person drinks beer in the kitchen, he becomes drunk as a result.
A person continues to follow others's advice in order to do what PersonY says.
If a person goes to see a therapist, he wants to talk about his problems.
If a person owns a fancy car, he will feel cool.
If a person smells a pleasant aroma, he will feel refreshed.
A person sets up new home stereo in order to have a better sound system.
A person reads articles and books in order to learn.
A person starts to play the piano in order to learn how to play the piano.
If a person manages the store, he will feel in control.
If a person explores the endless possibilities, he wants to try new things.
If a person has a new hobby, he will feel happy.
A person got it done in order to do his best.
If a person gets riled up, he wants to calm down.
If a person is good at cooking, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has qualms, he wants to feel better.
A person examines the car in order to understand the car.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he will feel satisfied.
A person plots some more in order to keep working on the project.
A person tries to keep quiet in order to avoid trouble.
If a person tends to the needs of a friend, he is seen as considerate.
If a person gets the new gadget, he is happy as a result.
A person builds a new system in order to make a better system.
If a person trains with weights, he wants to get stronger.
A person orders breakfast in order to be well fed.
If a person looks into a new computer, he will feel curious.
If a person begins an experiment, he wants to see the results.
If a person is worried about the family, he wants to help.
If a person settles down to eat, he eats well as a result.
If a person settles into a job, he will feel secure.
If a person wins the top prize, he is pleased as a result.
A person becomes an upstanding member of society in order to be a good citizen.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes the guest of honor, he will feel special.
If a person prepares for his interview, he wants to do well on his interview.
A person practices a musical instrument in order to improve her skills.
If a person reads a funny book, he wants to laugh.
If a person receives some bad news, he is sad as a result.
If a person asks others for clarification, he wants to know more.
If a person signs up for a swim team, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person has a drink in his hand, he will feel refreshed.
A person treats others very nicely in order to make PersonY happy.
A person shares his problems in order to be understood.
If a person is worried about the children, he wants to protect the children.
If a person regrets her behavior, he wants to change her behavior.
A person looks at it in order to see what it is.
A person looks at others's painting in order to see what PersonY is working on.
A person stops others from lying in order to keep PersonY honest.
If a person works on a family project, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes amends, he will feel relieved.
If a person convinces others to return to church, he will feel happy.
If a person watches a good show, he is entertained as a result.
If a person experiences personal success, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person entertains friends, he has a good time as a result.
A person studies for a test in order to pass the test.
If a person eats a nice meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person examines a novel that a friend gave her in order to learn more about the novel.
If a person gets on the computer, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets off to a good start, he will feel happy.
If a person attends a live concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
A person does all he can in order to be the best.
If a person continues writing poetry, he will feel creative.
If a person has a good business plan, he wants to get the business off the ground.
If a person has an excellent idea, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a rest from the case, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is dissatisfied with the result, he wants to change the result.
If a person listens to their songs, he is a fan of their music as a result.
A person takes an important exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person enjoys a beautiful landscape, he will feel content.
A person does something for someone else in order to be a good person.
If a person struts his stuff, he will feel proud.
If a person looks at the scenery, he enjoys the view as a result.
If a person cannot get up, he falls down as a result.
A person asks the question in order to be part of the discussion.
A person won’t let it go in order to solve the problem.
If a person is stressed by an examination, he wants to relax.
If a person and others dance at a ball, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person read the book, he will feel curious.
If a person fears for others's health, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person reads a book at bedtime, he will feel sleepy.
A person consults me in order to get advice.
If a person attempts to discern information, he wants to learn more.
If a person and others practice dance moves, he wants to dance with PersonY.
If a person gets over the trouble, he will feel relieved.
A person decides to try something in order to learn something new.
If a person goes to the shops, he buys some groceries as a result.
If a person struggles to do something, he will feel frustrated.
If a person becomes aware of her emotions, he learns to express her feelings as a result.
If a person and others share the evening, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person joins a circle of friends, he will feel included.
If a person defeats others in a contest, he will feel confident.
If a person wins others's affections, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person pays others a visit in order to talk to PersonY.
A person drives around town in order to get to know the town.
A person takes over the yard work in order to make sure the yard is done.
If a person says yes to new opportunity, he will feel pleased.
If a person prepares a special meal, he will feel happy.
If a person got a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person hates to be lied to, he wants to be honest.
A person puts much effort in his work in order to be successful.
A person signs up for a workshop in order to learn something new.
If a person gets help from personY, he is able to learn as a result.
If a person is drinking alcohol, he will feel inebriated.
If a person takes an interesting walk, he will feel excited.
If a person gets help from a stranger, he will feel cared for.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person enjoys others's good mood, he will feel content.
A person buys presents for family in order to make his family happy.
A person changes the furniture in the living room in order to make the living room look better.
If a person fears the world is getting worse, he will feel anxious.
If a person changes location, he moves to a new city as a result.
If a person begins a big project, he wants to finish it.
If a person’s situation starts to get serious, he is worried as a result.
If a person feels jittery, he wants to calm down.
If a person takes care of things, he will feel efficient.
If a person knows where to hide, he will feel safe.
If a person prepares for summer, he wants to relax.
If a person can make money, he will feel successful.
If a person worries about an approaching storm, he wants to be safe.
If a person has had enough of all this, he wants to get out of here.
If a person thanks the host, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes it happen again, he will feel pleased.
A person thinks about leaving town in order to be independent.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to talk to the person.
If a person heads out for a walk, he will feel happy.
If a person shows off his new ring, he will feel proud.
If a person reads about history, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person’s marriage improves, he is happy as a result.
If a person requests access to others's medical records, he learns more about PersonY's health as a result.
If a person starts working on a plan, he will feel motivated.
A person carries out a survey in order to find out what people think.
If a person considers names, he chooses a name as a result.
If a person fights for justice, he will feel righteous.
If a person is pleased with the service, he will recommend the service as a result.
A person stops to look at a sunset in order to enjoy the beauty of nature.
If a person talks to friends on the phone, he will feel connected.
If a person accepts others's dinner invitation, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person watches a lot of videos, he will feel entertained.
If a person puts on his running shoes, he will feel energetic.
If a person feels good about others’s ideas, he encourages PersonY as a result.
A person considers switching schools in order to go to a better school.
If a person makes love to his wife, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person struggles with his work, he will feel upset.
A person decides to go to others's place in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person cannot decide where to go, he will feel uncertain.
If a person is the leader of the group, he will feel powerful.
If a person learns to control her emotions, he is calmer as a result.
If a person prides herself on progress, he wants to make more progress.
If a person looks it up again, he will feel curious.
If a person grows fond of others, he wants to hang out with PersonY.
A person turns to another page in order to see what is on the other side of the page.
If a person puts on the new dress, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others watch movies, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person tests the bath water in order to be sure the water is safe.
If a person experiences health problems, he receives medical treatment as a result.
If a person suffers very much, he will feel very sad.
A person talks with the counter person in order to have a conversation.
A person investigates something in order to find out the truth.
If a person shares feelings, he will feel understood.
A person fights without hitting others in order to win without hurting PersonY.
If a person regrets her action, he wants to change her action.
If a person is dissatisfied with the results, he will feel angry.
If a person drinks water in the morning, he will feel hydrated.
If a person waits impatiently for others to arrive, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person consumes large quantities of drink, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person encounters problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person has a frustrating day, he is sad as a result.
If a person feels a threat, he wants to defend himself.
If a person gets into debt, he wants to get out of debt.
If a person is sent on a mission, he will feel motivated.
If a person manages to cook well, he will feel pleased.
If a person comes to know others, he wants to stay in touch with PersonY.
If a person treats others with kindness, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person observes violence on the street, he will feel distressed.
If a person develops every year, he will feel different.
A person checks to see in order to be sure.
If a person asks for an opinion, he gets an answer as a result.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he investigates as a result.
If a person puts things in order, he will feel organized.
If a person begins to meditate, he is calmer as a result.
If a person is worried about her mother, he wants to help her mother.
If a person buys a nice frame, he is happy with the frame as a result.
If a person volunteers for a charity, he wants to help people.
If a person continues to do, he will feel motivated.
If a person searches for alternatives, he wants to try something new.
If a person and others love to spend time together, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person looks up information on the Internet, he will feel curious.
A person goes to a secluded place in order to be alone.
A person learns to help other people in order to be a good person.
If a person attends the opera, he has a good time as a result.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he wants to find the positive in every situation.
If a person does sit-ups, he gets fit as a result.
If a person finds a seat at the table, he will feel comfortable.
A person looks it up on the Internet in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person chases a burglar out of the house, he will feel determined.
If a person has broken ribs, he will feel in pain.
If a person plays outside with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person visits grandparents, he gets to know his grandparents as a result.
A person tries harder to talk in order to be understood.
A person places calls to the post office in order to be able to communicate with the outside world.
A person attempts to hide her face in order to avoid being recognized.
If a person watches an interesting soap opera, he will feel enthralled.
If a person makes a presentation, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person deserves to win, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers that a friend is in trouble, he will feel concerned.
A person places a telephone call in order to be connected to the outside world.
If a person is capable of taking care of others, he will feel confident.
If a person has a really bad day, he will feel miserable.
If a person gives a bath, he will feel refreshed.
If a person's paint job wasn't done right, he wants to redo the paint job.
A person decides not to take a drink in order to be sober.
A person takes the pet to the vet in order to keep the pet healthy.
If a person loses a battle, he will feel defeated.
A person puts much effort in his work in order to succeed.
If a person sees the error of his ways, he wants to make amends.
A person is chosen for promotion in order to advance in his career.
A person attempts to solve problem in order to be helpful.
If a person eats her dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person watches a play, he will feel entertained.
If a person enjoys a roller-coaster ride, he wants to ride it again.
If a person and others go down to the lake, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person studies one hour every day in order to be good at something.
If a person gets accepted to a college, he is happy as a result.
If a person buys a moped, he will feel pleased.
If a person hears sounds from upstairs, he wants to investigate.
If a person wins a trophy for his performance, he is happy as a result.
If a person fights with her brother, he will feel angry.
A person and others speak face to face in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person joins a knitting club, he will feel comfortable.
If a person responds to a compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to paint, he will feel motivated.
A person decides to do this every year in order to continue this tradition.
If a person continues to push the envelope, he wants to do more dangerous things.
If a person gets the extra help he needed, he will feel satisfied.
If a person convinces others to live with her, he will feel confident.
If a person is in the worst possible situation, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person puts personY's feelings first, he wants to make sure personY is happy.
A person shares advice with others in order to help others.
If a person respects the memory of others, he wants to do something nice for PersonY.
If a person completes a successful robbery, he will feel pleased.
If a person worries about homework, he wants to finish the homework.
If a person fears another war, he will feel anxious.
If a person hears a noise in the night, he wants to investigate.
If a person is doing fine, he will feel confident.
If a person receives a positive email, he will feel happy.
A person learns to spell in order to improve his writing skills.
If a person speaks with authority, he will feel confident.
If a person tries a wine, he will feel intrigued.
If a person drinks her favorite drink, he will feel happy.
If a person learns of a crime, he will feel concerned.
If a person is open to suggestion, he wants to go with the flow.
A person goes out to take a walk in order to relax.
If a person reads The Times, he will feel informed.
A person takes on responsibility in order to make a difference.
If a person organizes work schedule, he will feel efficient.
If a person receives a wonderful promotion, he will feel happy.
If a person feels exhausted, he wants to rest.
If a person witnesses a suspicious meeting, he wants to investigate.
If a person suffers from stress, he will feel frustrated.
If a person admires the gift, he wants to keep the gift.
If a person and others goes to the Opera, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person relaxes at the pool, he will feel content.
A person goes to the rescue in order to help others.
If a person decides to confront the situation, he wants to find a solution.
If a person learns from his own experience, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
If a person became sick, he wants to get better.
A person learns to spell in order to be good at spelling.
If a person begins painting a picture, he will feel inspired.
If a person is a famous author, he is praised by his readers as a result.
A person takes a quiet walk in order to relax.
If a person plays his first video game, he will feel excited.
If a person admires her father, he wants to be like her father.
If a person trains all day, he gets a good workout as a result.
If a person chats with others’s friends, he learns about PersonY’s friends as a result.
If a person uses soap, he will feel clean.
A person volunteers at the soup kitchen in order to help others.
If a person does something useful, he will feel appreciated.
If a person settles a score, he feels satisfied as a result.
If a person returns to her hometown, he will feel at home.
If a person is thrown out of a car, he is injured as a result.
A person is a great parent in order to make his children happy.
If a person finds a new lover, he will feel loved.
If a person says hi to his grandmother, he is glad to see his grandmother as a result.
If a person notices that others is in trouble, he will feel concerned.
If a person enjoys walking in the mountains, he will feel content.
If a person does a course, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person is a contest winner, he is recognized by the public as a result.
If a person's thesis is accepted, he is pleased as a result.
A person tries to get a new job in order to make more money.
If a person feels passionate about it, he wants to learn more.
If a person likes to sit at home and read, he will feel happy.
A person talks to others at length in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person feels a lack of confidence, he wants to feel more confident.
A person considers getting a second job in order to earn more money.
A person is putting on makeup in order to look pretty.
A person acts fairly in order to do the right thing.
If a person has found the job of a lifetime, he wants to keep it.
If a person enjoys a time with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person puts forth effort, he wants to be successful.
If a person was in the shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person goes about his business in order to get things done.
A person asks a person directly in order to know the truth.
If a person makes a plan to go somewhere, he will feel excited.
If a person has to pull an all-nighter, he is tired as a result.
If a person reads a bedtime story, he will feel content.
A person stays up all night working in order to be productive.
If a person is used to dealing with problems, he will feel confident.
If a person pulls into a hospital, he gets a checkup as a result.
If a person is more careful, he will feel responsible.
If a person is concerned about danger, he wants to stay safe.
If a person puts personY's feelings first, he wants to make personY happy.
If a person is always with others, he is a good friend of PersonY as a result.
A person raises a big family in order to provide for his family.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he feels grateful as a result.
A person sets out on a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person delivers a brilliant speech, he will feel satisfied.
A person keeps his or her eyes open in order to see what is going on.
If a person pursues a plan, he wants to be successful.
If a person brings things to a finish, he will feel in control.
If a person has a bee in his bonnet, he wants to get it out.
If a person is out dancing, he will feel energized.
If a person takes a warm shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person talks to others and offers him a job in order to help PersonY.
A person continues working hard in order to earn money.
If a person makes progress on the project, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a day off from work, he will feel relaxed.
If a person tries harder to talk, he talks more as a result.
A person shares a special day with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person likes a song, he wants to hear the song again.
A person speaks and others listens in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person, being free from fear, discovers power, he will feel strong.
If a person commits to the activity, he makes progress as a result.
If a person asks the right question, he will feel intelligent.
A person focuses on detail in order to be efficient.
A person leaves for the dentist in order to get her teeth cleaned.
If a person continues drinking, he is intoxicated as a result.
A person submits his business plan in order to get his business off the ground.
If a person gets a big tip, he will feel pleased.
If a person has no idea what she's doing, he will feel uncertain.
If a person has a fancy for foods, he wants to eat a lot of foods.
A person performs an investigation in order to solve a mystery.
If a person puts a lot of effort into this, he wants to succeed.
A person volunteers to do the job in order to be helpful.
If a person takes an interest in recycling, he becomes a better recycler as a result.
A person chooses to stay at home in order to be with his family.
A person wants to work part-time in order to be more independent.
If a person is bullied at school, he will feel hurt.
A person writes letters to everyone in order to keep in touch with everyone.
If a person finds the room to be hot, he wants to cool off.
If a person has a fun evening, he is happy as a result.
A person looks it up online in order to know more about it.
If a person goes to the seaside, he enjoys the seaside as a result.
If a person eventually buys a home, he will feel happy.
If a person lays down on the grass, he will feel comfortable.
A person meets with his family in order to spend time with his family.
A person calls Seth in order to be able to talk to Seth.
If a person invites friends to a gathering, he will feel happy.
If a person's child gets into trouble, he will feel worried.
A person invites some friends over in order to spend time with her friends.
If a person is a very nice person, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person sees a new movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person listens to the band, he will feel entertained.
A person practices his photography in order to be good at photography.
If a person enjoys the great outdoors, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds out something new, he will feel enlightened.
If a person goes all business, he will feel professional.
If a person is sporting a new hairdo, he will feel stylish.
If a person treats himself, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads the newspaper daily, he is informed of current events as a result.
If a person finds his calling, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person mends relations with others, he will feel happy.
A person checks out the website in order to know more about the website.
If a person will check them out tomorrow, he will feel interested.
A person plans to move out of town in order to start a new life.
A person goes to the nearby store in order to buy something.
If a person tries to improve her English, he will feel determined.
If a person appreciates the food, he eats the food as a result.
If a person can handle things for himself, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks that others might not be home, he wants to check on PersonY.
A person goes to the local gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person resolves not to lie, he is honest as a result.
If a person has a new lover, he wants to have sex with her.
If a person became more relaxed, he will feel happy.
If a person wakes up feeling great, he will feel energetic.
If a person likes to learn how, he wants to learn how to be good at something.
A person comforts others in time of crisis in order to be there for PersonY.
A person is reading books in order to learn.
A person contacts her friends in order to stay in touch with her friends.
A person works hard at school in order to get good grades.
If a person stands up to himself, he will feel confident.
If a person receives a hug, he will feel loved.
A person tells his brother that he loves him in order to show his brother that he cares.
If a person beats others at the races, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to defeat others, he will feel determined.
If a person volunteers to help others, he will feel good.
If a person proves to himself, he will feel confident.
If a person applies for a scholarship, he will feel hopeful.
If a person flirts with a pretty woman, he will feel excited.
If a person takes an umbrella when it rains, he will feel comfortable.
If a person hesitates to tell others, he will feel uncertain.
If a person looks for family history, he learns about his family as a result.
If a person wears good clothes, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person does everything possible to live a good life, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to do something positive, he feels better as a result.
A person reviews progress in order to know if the work is going well.
If a person refuses to be discouraged, he will feel confident.
If a person is good at getting information, he will feel smart.
If a person has a quiet morning, he will feel peaceful.
A person starts calling friends in order to get back in touch with her friends.
A person and his family go to church in order to have a religious experience.
If a person walks in a fast pace, he will feel energetic.
If a person takes care of self, he will feel relaxed.
If a person carries out the job, he is seen as reliable.
If a person checks in with others's parents, he learns about PersonY's family as a result.
If a person overcomes others's attempts, he will feel strong.
If a person took on a hobby, he wants to continue the hobby.
If a person dances with her children, he will feel happy.
A person visits grandpa in order to spend time with his grandpa.
If a person starts to read the paper, he will feel entertained.
If a person works a side job, he earns extra money as a result.
If a person dislikes it when her father comes to school, he wants her father to stop coming to school.
If a person plays a banjo, he is good at playing the banjo as a result.
A person washes hands often in order to be clean.
A person confronts others about her lies in order to find out the truth.
If a person is reading on the bus, he will feel interested.
If a person meets a nice new friend, he wants to be friends with the new friend.
A person reads more books in order to learn more.
If a person is confused on others's giving, he wants to understand PersonY's giving.
A person and others go for a date in order to be romantically involved with PersonY.
If a person suffers from illness, he will feel in pain.
A person fixes the issue in order to get the job done.
A person and others try to talk in order to discuss the problem.
If a person researches a problem, he solves the problem as a result.
A person dials others's phone number in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person thinks of a different way, he gets a better idea as a result.
A person starts at the university in order to learn.
If a person has an excellent job, he will feel content.
If a person sees something beautiful, he will feel happy.
A person starts to talk in order to communicate with others.
If a person sells well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's mother cooks breakfast, he has a good breakfast as a result.
A person does something thoughtful for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person puts much effort in his work, he will feel pleased.
If a person continues her research, he will feel productive.
If a person had a good weekend, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person puts on an outfit, he will feel dressed up.
If a person begins to tidy the garage, he will feel productive.
If a person is unsure of what to do, he wants to know what to do.
If a person is dedicated to his work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is strong-willed, he will feel in control.
A person creates a narrative structure in order to have a coherent story.
If a person types on the computer, he will feel productive.
If a person is good at the game, he will feel happy.
If a person has been knocked down, he is injured as a result.
If a person is caught off guard, he will feel shocked.
A person explores in order to learn more about the world.
If a person fixes the place, he will feel content.
If a person goes on a week-long holiday, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a missing person reported on them, he wants to find the person.
If a person is good at drawing, he will feel creative.
If a person regards others as a threat, he wants to eliminate PersonY.
A person comes up to others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person enjoys time alone, he will feel relaxed.
If a person wins the case, he will feel confident.
If a person slept soundly, he will feel rested.
A person visits with others's parents in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person goes into a profession she is interested in, he will feel happy.
If a person begins painting, he enjoys painting as a result.
If a person relaxes a little, he will feel content.
If a person has fallen and can't get up, he is hurt as a result.
If a person works hard in school, he is seen as smart.
A person asks others's time in order to talk to PersonY.
A person gives others a call in order to give PersonY a message.
If a person studies magic, he learns to do magic as a result.
If a person develops a game plan, he will feel focused.
If a person helps organize a celebration, he will feel happy.
If a person breaks his arm, he is in pain as a result.
If a person becomes others's new friend, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person watches a beautiful sunset, he will feel tranquil.
If a person becomes a part of the family, he will feel valued.
A person listens to a dialogue in order to understand the dialogue.
If a person goes to visit 's mother, he is glad to see his mother as a result.
If a person is a catalyst for change, he wants to help others.
If a person is a successful person, he will feel satisfied.
If a person marries a woman, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes tired of exercise, he wants to stop exercising.
If a person feels strongly about something, he wants to do something about it.
If a person participates in sports, he is more active as a result.
A person attends the top schools in order to be in the best schools.
A person introduces others to his friends in order to help PersonY get to know his friends.
If a person goes to the gallery, he sees a work of art as a result.
If a person puts on a sweater, he will feel warm.
If a person gets his motorcycle back, he is happy as a result.
If a person feels free again, he feels happy as a result.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited day off, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person deals with a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person achieves goals, he will feel pleased.
If a person has his or her doubts, he wants to be sure.
If a person works in the yard, he will feel productive.
If a person tries to investigate, he will feel determined.
If a person regrets his past action, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person gets used to his situation, he will feel content.
A person just had to go on in order to get the job done.
If a person buys a new purse, he is pleased with her new purse as a result.
A person finds the courage to apologize in order to make amends.
A person contributes to others’s project in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others got back together, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is ordered to shut up, he is quiet as a result.
If a person reads an adventure story, he will feel entertained.
If a person worries about others’s health, he wants to make PersonY feel better.
If a person collects information on others, he wants to learn more about PersonY.
A person goes to a doctor for checkup in order to make sure he is healthy.
If a person is preoccupied with work, he will feel anxious.
If a person has a fire, he is burnt as a result.
If a person challenges others to a footrace, he wants to win.
If a person does a good job cooking, he gets a compliment as a result.
If a person and others listen to music, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person resists the system in order to be free.
A person moves away in order to be independent.
If a person picks up his book, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a very big day, he will feel proud.
If a person keeps himself fit, he gets stronger as a result.
If a person sees movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets shot in the arm, he will feel in pain.
If a person arrives at the correct decision, he will feel confident.
If a person discovers that others is ill, he is worried about PersonY as a result.
If a person eventually gets sick, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person enjoys a lovely walk in order to be in nature.
If a person develops new skills, he will feel accomplished.
If a person worries about economy, he wants to help the economy.
If a person puzzles over others's words, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person spots a difference, he wants to fix it.
If a person creates an awesome website, he is happy as a result.
A person lectures to the class in order to share his knowledge.
If a person visits a cabaret, he will feel entertained.
If a person keeps watch, he will feel alert.
A person plots some more in order to get more done.
A person drives to others's home in order to meet PersonY.
A person tries to talk about old times in order to have a nice conversation.
A person prepares a business trip in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person wonders about the state of the universe, he wants to understand the universe.
If a person decided to change her style, he will feel different.
If a person stops to read a book, he will feel calm.
If a person hears some good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person thinks about others's welfare, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person meets with his friends, he wants to be with his friends.
If a person realizes she has a problem, he wants to fix her problem.
A person picks up his pet in order to spend time with his pet.
If a person learns another language, he becomes fluent in another language as a result.
If a person has others arrested, he will feel victorious.
A person examines something in order to learn more about something.
If a person is appreciated by his friends, he will feel valued.
If a person pays respects to her roots, he feels proud of her heritage as a result.
A person buys an encyclopedia in order to be well informed.
If a person considers a different point of view, he will feel thoughtful.
A person sends flowers to the funeral in order to express his sympathy.
A person meets and greets strangers in order to be sociable.
If a person finds the perfect pair of pants, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a new plan, he will feel determined.
If a person finishes her assignment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to find a different job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person goes to a good restaurant, he will feel happy.
If a person completes her business, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is given direction, he will feel motivated.
A person invites others for a coffee in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person takes care of the paperwork, he will feel competent.
A person takes a driving lesson in order to be a better driver.
If a person overcomes all challenges, he will feel strong.
If a person takes up a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person is wary, he wants to feel safe.
If a person and others embark on a journey, he wants to see the world.
If a person learns new data, he wants to use the data.
If a person picks up the pace, he will feel motivated.
If a person resolves a dispute, he will feel victorious.
If a person does school work, he will feel challenged.
If a person fixes a thing, he will feel competent.
If a person realizes he is alone, he will feel lonely.
A person is going to share this with others in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person rethinks his plans, he will feel uncertain.
If a person learns to be more assertive, he will feel more confident.
If a person praises others's hospitality, he will feel happy.
If a person seeks counsel from others, he is given advice as a result.
If a person learns a painful lesson, he will feel regretful.
If a person learns of a mysterious event, he wants to find out what happened.
If a person gives his wife a kiss, he will feel content.
If a person can't bring himself to say anything, he remains silent as a result.
A person visits his family in order to be close to his family.
A person spends time at the museum in order to enjoy the museum.
If a person practices the guitar in the bathtub, he gets better at playing the guitar as a result.
If a person buys a boat, he wants to go sailing.
If a person convinces others to stop smoking, he will feel successful.
If a person walks around a lot, he gets a lot of exercise as a result.
If a person is fed up with the present situation, he wants to change the situation.
If a person subscribes to a periodical, he will feel informed.
If a person has an open-door policy, he gets to know more people as a result.
If a person receives a nice reward, he will feel satisfied.
If a person dances freely, he will feel relaxed.
If a person realizes that he or she will lose everything, he will feel hopeless.
If a person sees others's dream as real, he wants to make PersonY's dream come true.
If a person sees the problem, he solves the problem as a result.
If a person looks on the Internet, he will feel curious.
If a person learns to be kind, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person buys a brand new car, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives a grand speech, he will feel powerful.
A person calls Adam in order to talk to Adam.
If a person kisses his loved one, he will feel happy.
A person continues working in order to earn money.
A person meets with an attorney in order to get legal advice.
If a person works fast, he will feel focused.
If a person goes on to lead a quiet life, he will feel peaceful.
If a person finds a new girl, he will feel happy.
If a person provides a public talk, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person remembers a prior event, he wants to remember the event.
A person goes up the stairs in order to reach the next floor.
If a person practices a sport, he will feel passionate.
If a person realizes that something is wrong, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person gives others some helpful advice, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person has found a job, he is happy as a result.
If a person may have been shot, he is injured as a result.
If a person begins to feel remorse, he wants to make amends.
If a person begins to doubt others's motives, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
If a person arranges the match, he will feel in control.
A person searches for the perfect birthday gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person accepts the prize, he is happy as a result.
If a person talks to the press, he is in the news as a result.
If a person plans out everything, he does everything right as a result.
If a person knows how to get around on the freeway, he will feel in control.
If a person mends a flaw, he will feel pleased.
If a person works a 7-day week, he will feel busy.
If a person studies the dog in person, he gets to know the dog as a result.
If a person stars in her first play, he will feel accomplished.
A person travels overseas in order to explore the world.
A person stops the baby from screaming in order to calm the baby.
If a person argues with his mother, he will feel angry.
If a person plans to lead an active life, he exercises regularly as a result.
If a person and others see a concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person could win the race, he will feel confident.
If a person prepares for the competition, he wants to get better.
If a person performs public service, he will feel satisfied.
If a person objects to something, he wants to avoid that thing.
If a person is happy about losing weight, he will feel confident.
A person questions the source in order to know the truth.
If a person buys a souvenir, he will feel pleased.
If a person agrees to take responsibility, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets more practice, he will feel motivated.
A person does research on others in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person gets tickets to a Broadway show, he will feel pleased.
If a person drinks a can of beer, he will feel drunk.
A person writes to others at work in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person reaches out to others, he wants to make amends.
If a person went to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person reads an exciting book, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds a new music player, he will feel delighted.
If a person gets together with others in the department, he will feel included.
If a person agrees with his wife, he and his wife are happy as a result.
If a person learns about science, he gets interested in science as a result.
If a person takes out loans, he becomes debt-ridden as a result.
If a person dismisses others's objections, he will feel victorious.
If a person considers setting off on a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person looks for options, he will feel motivated.
If a person wears cool looking clothes, he will feel trendy.
If a person gets the bad news, he will feel upset.
A person interviews people in order to learn about people.
A person sticks to school work in order to be good at school.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he has a good time as a result.
A person sends e-mail in order to communicate with other people.
If a person objects to racism, he wants to speak out against racism.
If a person is accepted into a top school, he will feel happy.
A person keeps going forward in order to make progress.
If a person has begun to form an idea, he wants to figure out what it is.
If a person regrets some of his words, he wants to make amends.
If a person takes good care of himself, he will feel happy.
If a person visits an atoll, he learns about the atoll as a result.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he feels better as a result.
If a person decides to stay, he is happy as a result.
If a person opens his business, he wants to make more money.
If a person gets into a brawl, he will feel furious.
If a person and others are upset, he will feel worried.
If a person keeps in shape, he will feel strong.
If a person and others have dinner together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person leaves her room in order to go outside.
If a person gives others a letter of recommendation, he will feel good.
If a person stands up for her rights, he will feel strong.
A person sets out for a journey in order to experience new things.
If a person signs up for volunteer work, he gains experience as a result.
A person fills out the application in order to be employed.
If a person worries that others might miss something, he wants to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person follows others in the street in order to find out what PersonY is doing.
If a person disagrees with his teacher, he wants to change his teacher.
If a person invests in a new enterprise, he will feel excited.
A person gets back to work in order to be productive.
If a person's neighbors threaten , he will feel scared.
If a person cooks a delicious dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person has had an argument with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person is tired of hearing from others, he wants to be left alone.
A person stops short of knocking others down in order to avoid hurting PersonY.
A person goes to the school of others in order to learn from PersonY.
If a person doesn't like how others treats him, he wants to be treated better.
If a person gets some payback, he will feel relieved.
If a person settles in the living room, he will feel relaxed.
If a person checks the reviews, he wants to know what others think.
If a person is disappointed with everything, he is in a bad mood as a result.
A person looks into their soul in order to understand themselves.
If a person makes improvements, he is more successful as a result.
If a person ends up with a second chance, he will feel hopeful.
A person continues to work as normal in order to do his job.
If a person acts well, he will feel confident.
If a person learns from others, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person buys another house, he will feel pleased.
A person heads over to others's place in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person fears a violent act, he wants to stay safe.
If a person plays good music, he will feel creative.
If a person hears some interesting news, he becomes interested in the news as a result.
A person approaches the old man in order to know more about the old man.
A person studies tapes of others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person buys others the bike, he will feel pleased.
A person learns to type in order to be a good typist.
A person prepares to begin in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person admires a work of art, he will feel inspired.
If a person starts singing a song for others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person notices something is bothering others, he wants to know what is wrong.
A person reads others's article in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person doesn't feel right, he wants to feel better.
If a person receives a wonderful promotion, he will feel excited.
If a person applies for job, he will feel hopeful.
A person gets back in touch with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person has a good time at PartyZ, he will feel happy.
If a person kills the witches, he will feel victorious.
If a person receives a bad present, he feels bad as a result.
If a person works hard to achieve something, he succeeds as a result.
A person searches for their target in order to complete their mission.
If a person takes out a large loan, he has a lot of debt as a result.
If a person pays off his debt, he will feel relieved.
A person considers a situation in order to think things through.
If a person took a shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person went on a trip in order to be away from the house.
If a person takes up the challenge, he wants to be a winner.
If a person realizes that others is not asleep, he wants to get PersonY to sleep.
A person puts on his make-up in order to look good.
If a person seeks others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person enrolls in others's class, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person finally cooked a decent meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person confronts her mother in order to find out the truth.
If a person expresses disbelief, he wants to understand.
A person continues his plans in order to complete his plans.
A person wishes to return home in order to be with his family.
If a person decides to apologize, he wants to feel better.
A person reads the mystery novel in order to learn more about the mystery.
A person attempts to comfort others in order to be helpful.
If a person puts it in the right place, he will feel in control.
A person begins to play guitar in order to be a musician.
If a person prepares for a journey, he will feel eager.
If a person gets hit with a stick, he is injured as a result.
A person volunteers at a school in order to help others.
If a person finds life too monotonous, he wants to find something new.
If a person learns from one's mistakes, he wants to make fewer mistakes.
If a person reads news online, he will feel entertained.
If a person clears up his desk, he will feel organized.
If a person attempts to be consistent, he will feel motivated.
If a person is watching anime, he will feel amused.
If a person takes a spiritual journey, he wants to learn more about God.
If a person is making plans to meet others, he will feel hopeful.
A person leaves message for others in order to be able to communicate with PersonY.
If a person volunteers to help a neighbor, he will feel good.
If a person and others perform community service, he will feel useful.
If a person says yes to the job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels a need to work, he works harder as a result.
If a person is dissatisfied with the results, he wants to improve.
A person posts a message to the net in order to communicate with the world.
If a person solves the theorem, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes others for a trip, he has fun with PersonY as a result.
If a person stands up for her family, he will feel strong.
If a person enjoys this experience, he wants to have more of this experience.
If a person got married to others, he will feel happy.
A person wants to get home in order to be with his family.
A person finds a part-time job in order to make money.
If a person stays with family, he will feel cared for.
If a person learns to protect himself, he will feel strong.
A person attends an outdoor concert in order to enjoy the music.
If a person isn't feeling well, he will feel miserable.
If a person is with family, he will feel happy.
If a person goes deeper, he gets more knowledge as a result.
If a person purchases health insurance, he will feel secure.
A person continues to search in order to find the answer.
If a person realizes what he has to do, he will feel determined.
If a person gets off to a good start, he will feel pleased.
A person makes her way to the library in order to get some reading done.
If a person gets cleaned up, he will feel refreshed.
If a person dislikes or abhors others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person prays in private, he will feel spiritual.
If a person requests a meeting with others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person regrets agreeing to a bet, he wants to get out of the bet.
If a person puts things together, he will feel satisfied.
If a person brings the best out of others, he will feel pleased.
A person reads some books in order to learn more.
If a person and others do a lot of shopping, he and PersonY buy a lot of things as a result.
If a person joins a sporting club, he improves his fitness as a result.
A person does a favor for a friend in order to be a good friend.
If a person receives very bad news, he will feel upset.
If a person finds out about others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
A person takes the child to school in order to help the child.
A person goes to the manor in order to learn more about the manor.
If a person claims the reward, he will feel happy.
If a person presents a paper at the conference, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person agrees to something, he will feel satisfied.
A person is on the deck in order to be outside.
If a person is interested in what happened, he wants to find out more.
If a person finds what he was looking for, he will feel happy.
If a person works for the city, he will feel useful.
If a person is in a quandary, he wants to make a decision.
A person continues to clean in order to keep the house clean.
If a person does a real good job, he will feel proud.
If a person begins to warm up to others, he will feel happy.
A person works in the vegetable garden in order to keep the garden in good shape.
If a person gets a change of clothes, he looks more presentable as a result.
If a person considers his choices, he wants to make a decision.
If a person thinks about what is really going on, he wants to know what is really going on.
If a person wins a contract, he is pleased as a result.
If a person has success, he will feel confident.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel close.
If a person persuades others to get a job, he will feel pleased.
If a person is in a quandary, he decides to seek advice as a result.
If a person continues to read about that, he is interested in that as a result.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel confident.
If a person has a winning streak, he will feel happy.
A person avoids being looked at in order to be left alone.
A person reads a new theory in order to learn more about the theory.
If a person wins big, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a bad break, he will feel disappointed.
If a person has a drink with friends, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person gets new glasses, he sees better as a result.
A person takes others along for the ride in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person fears what he has found, he will feel anxious.
If a person does a great big dance, he will feel happy.
A person studies chess in order to be good at chess.
If a person regrets his past action, he wants to change his future.
If a person is known for his skills in many areas, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person wins something, he will feel satisfied.
If a person digs for the truth, he discovers the truth as a result.
A person resigns from her position in order to move on.
If a person is a conscientious student, he wants to do well on his exams.
If a person asks a bunch of questions, he wants to get answers.
If a person takes much-needed break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person asks to be comforted, he will feel cared for.
If a person works just as hard as others, he will feel motivated.
If a person is passionate about the project, he wants to finish the project.
If a person reads literature, he will feel motivated.
A person puts his house in order in order to feel more organized.
A person pauses to think about his answer in order to be thoughtful.
A person takes others to see a doctor in order to help PersonY.
If a person is in a rut, he will feel unhappy.
If a person is committed to her husband, he has a happy marriage as a result.
If a person works every week, he will feel productive.
If a person feels for others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person reads the instructions in order to follow the instructions.
A person and others study the map in order to understand the map.
If a person joins a debate team, he learns to speak in public as a result.
If a person visits the neighbors, he is seen as a friendly person.
A person has a conversation with a stranger in order to know more about the stranger.
A person cleans a wound in order to make sure the wound is clean.
If a person attended a show, he had a good time as a result.
If a person researches at the library, he will feel productive.
If a person grows closer to others's family, he wants to be more like PersonY's family.
If a person continues reading, he will feel curious.
A person begins planning the holiday in order to have a successful holiday.
If a person practices at the piano, he improves her piano skills as a result.
If a person gets involved in a concert, he will feel excited.
If a person practices talking with others, he gets better at talking with PersonY as a result.
A person is moving away in order to be independent.
If a person grows weary of the extreme cold, he wants to warm up.
If a person gets used to a different lifestyle, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes more productive, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a bad experience, he is upset as a result.
A person tries to live with father in order to be close to his father.
If a person starts feeling down, he wants to feel better.
If a person has difficulty determining others's motives, he will feel puzzled.
If a person comes to an understanding, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to catch up with others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person worries about his son, he wants to spend time with his son.
If a person leads a very interesting life, he will feel content.
If a person just won't let it go, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person learns to work the new photocopier, he wants to use the new photocopier.
If a person reads the rule book, he learns the rules as a result.
If a person shows friendliness to others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person met up with others again in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is on top of others, he will feel in control.
A person is a psychotherapy patient in order to improve his mental health.
If a person gets started on work, he will feel productive.
If a person completes all preparations, he will feel ready.
If a person regards others as a threat, he wants to keep PersonY away.
A person agrees to do it on his own in order to be independent.
A person describes some news in order to inform the reader.
If a person is disappointed with everything, he will feel depressed.
If a person finds it difficult to cope, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person lives an ethical life, he is a good person as a result.
If a person thinks something over, he wants to decide.
If a person hits the books, he gets good grades as a result.
A person enters the unknown in order to see what is out there.
If a person checks out the new city, he learns about the city as a result.
If a person doesn't like his new haircut, he wants to get a new haircut.
If a person puts things together, he will feel pleased.
A person plans to get married in order to have a family.
If a person studies the greats, he will feel intelligent.
A person buys groceries for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person dances in a room, he will feel joyful.
A person confronts others about a lie in order to find out the truth.
If a person receives a proposal of marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person dances with a cute girl, he will feel good.
If a person and others goes fishing together, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person takes a walk down the street in order to see what is around him.
A person works out in the backyard in order to be healthy.
If a person is near a fireplace, he will feel cozy.
If a person is firing on all cylinders, he is successful as a result.
If a person studies the dog in person, he will feel interested.
If a person makes some progress, he will feel encouraged.
A person expects to meet others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person completes a project, he will feel pleased.
A person embarks on a journey in order to discover something new.
If a person listens to others's concern, he understands PersonY's concern as a result.
A person questions someone in order to learn more about someone.
If a person finds a path around obstacles, he makes progress as a result.
If a person's performance is not up to snuff, he is reprimanded as a result.
If a person is pleasant to be around, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel peaceful.
If a person expects everything to work out all right, he will feel confident.
If a person marks her first win, he will feel proud.
If a person wonders if others got the message, he wants to find out.
If a person regrets its actions, he wants to stop doing that.
A person thinks of starting a company in order to be independent.
If a person studies about humanity, he understands humanity as a result.
If a person gets caught in a downpour, he will feel drenched.
If a person has been living here for years, he will feel home.
A person puts in an offer on a house in order to move into a new house.
If a person decides to take an English course, he learns to speak English as a result.
A person walks in the direction of others in order to see PersonY.
If a person enrolls in school, he will feel eager.
A person inquires in order to know more about the situation.
If a person fixes the mess, he will feel competent.
If a person drinks soup, he will feel nourished.
A person attempts to open the door in order to get out of the house.
If a person is a good person, he is liked by others as a result.
A person continues her research in order to understand the process.
If a person has a holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to explore the world, he is fascinated by the world as a result.
If a person gets more exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person worries that personY might not know, he wants to tell someone.
A person is pleasant to the waitress in order to be polite.
A person decides to call others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person joins a crowd, he will feel included.
If a person practices target shooting, he gets better at shooting as a result.
If a person gets a cold, he will feel miserable.
If a person reads aloud from a book, he will feel calm.
If a person discovers that others is in danger, he wants to save PersonY.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he will feel tense.
If a person gets a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to enjoy reading, he becomes a voracious reader as a result.
A person presses ahead with a spring in his step in order to be successful.
If a person likes to dream, he has a vivid imagination as a result.
If a person likes history, he wants to learn more about history.
If a person is suspicious of Y, he wants to find out what Y is up to.
If a person promises to be careful, he will feel determined.
A person keeps trying in order to get better.
If a person searches for information, he finds the information as a result.
If a person keeps writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person mulls over the possibilities, he wants to decide.
If a person continues to grow, he will feel happy.
A person is always ready to go in order to be ready for any task.
If a person works out hard, he will feel energized.
If a person learns more about himself, he wants to get to know himself better.
If a person visits a patient, he learns about a patient as a result.
If a person makes a clean break, he will feel free.
If a person hears a noise in the night, he gets up to investigate as a result.
A person agrees to mediate the conflict in order to help the two sides reach a compromise.
If a person manages to change, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person faces difficulties, he wants to get help.
If a person’s dad yells at him, he is upset as a result.
If a person invites others to live with him, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person learns how to play an instrument in order to be more musical.
A person decides to investigate in order to solve the mystery.
A person delays the fire in order to prevent the fire from spreading.
If a person signs up for volunteer work, he will feel happy.
If a person plays a music game with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person realizes that others is innocent, he believes PersonY as a result.
A person brings a gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person begins to boil the kettle in order to have a hot drink.
A person looks it up on Facebook in order to know more about the topic.
If a person has a great deal of knowledge, he is very smart as a result.
A person pays attention to a class in order to do well in school.
A person tests how others is doing in order to be sure PersonY is okay.
If a person discovers something of interest to her, he wants to find out more.
If a person cannot abide the stench, he wants to clean up.
If a person likes others's cooking, he will feel content.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a stroll in the park, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person jogs up the street, he will feel energetic.
A person feeds the dog in order to make sure the dog is fed.
If a person has run out of funds, he is in debt as a result.
If a person is doing volunteer work, he will feel good.
If a person reads books well, he will feel interested.
If a person looks over the notes, he understands the material as a result.
If a person places first in a competition, he will feel confident.
If a person begins to jog, he will feel energized.
If a person doesn't want to be there, he wants to leave.
If a person tries to be a good friend, he is a good friend as a result.
A person is on the phone with her dad in order to speak to her dad.
A person talks to others about something in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person says the right thing, he is seen as a good person.
If a person wants to be a good citizen, he will feel responsible.
A person cleans up the town in order to be a good citizen.
A person waters the plants in order to make sure the plants are healthy.
If a person gets straightened out, he will feel satisfied.
A person rebuilds something in order to make something useful.
A person decides to quit smoking in order to be healthy.
If a person tries to speak in public, he wants to be more confident.
A person tries to break into the house in order to steal something.
If a person considers a solution, he comes up with a solution as a result.
A person consults a specialist in order to get better.
If a person is a good dancer, he will feel graceful.
If a person gets credit for others's work, he will feel appreciated.
If a person overcomes her fears, he will feel victorious.
A person practices faithfully in order to be a good musician.
If a person finds something suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person gets rid of the negative emotions, he feels better as a result.
If a person finally settles the score, he will feel relieved.
If a person wins the top prize, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes up a new job, he will feel motivated.
If a person drinks a little more than usual, he will feel a little drunk.
A person changes his attitude toward work in order to improve his work performance.
If a person has no idea how to start, he will feel clueless.
If a person does some writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person is concerned for the baby, he wants to know more about the baby.
If a person picks up a packet, he wants to read the packet.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he is more relaxed as a result.
If a person enjoys learning, he will feel happy.
If a person lives a full life, he is happy as a result.
If a person thanks her, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets some exercise, he is fit as a result.
If a person is a charming male student, he is liked by his classmates as a result.
If a person becomes the winner, he will feel happy.
If a person picks up the pace, he will feel energetic.
If a person is concerned with the children, he wants to be with the children.
If a person cannot tolerate it anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person is sore at others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
If a person gets in his car, he drives home as a result.
If a person finds a new mate, he will feel happy.
If a person gets closer to his goal, he will feel motivated.
A person continues work in order to earn money.
A person goes to temple in order to be spiritual.
If a person becomes one with nature, he will feel content.
If a person and others purchase a new car, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person likes what others does, he wants to do what PersonY does as a result.
If a person and others start a new band, he wants to practice more.
If a person gets a can of juice, he will feel refreshed.
If a person reads up on People Y's Life, he wants to know more about People Y's Life.
If a person realizes that she is in trouble, he seeks help as a result.
If a person becomes part of a team, he is promoted as a result.
If a person believes others is a pest, he wants to tell PersonY to go away.
If a person sorts the laundry, he has clean clothes as a result.
If a person attends a political meeting, he will feel involved.
If a person has a gift delivered, he will feel happy.
If a person tries to write, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others commit to a relationship, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person struggles with his work, he will feel frustrated.
If a person constructs a story, he will feel entertained.
If a person flies out of control, he crashes the plane as a result.
If a person finds he is in danger, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person goes for a long walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds the job he's been looking for, he will feel excited.
If a person helps others clean up the home, he will feel helpful.
If a person tries to paint the house, he will feel creative.
A person dedicates effort to training in order to be in shape.
A person walks over to the window in order to look outside.
If a person considers the options, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person learns new dance steps, he wants to practice dancing.
A person wants to meet others in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
A person begins to make things up in order to be creative.
A person mails something to others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person is having a conflict, he will feel irritated.
If a person calls on others to support his idea, he is supported by PersonY as a result.
If a person learns to play the violin, he is better at playing the violin as a result.
If a person looks for the silver lining, he wants to find the good in everything.
If a person worries about unemployment, he wants to find a job.
If a person is running out of energy, he wants to rest.
If a person began to feel frustrated, he got angry as a result.
If a person wants to borrow others’s puppy, he wants to play with the puppy.
If a person decides to go to school, he will feel hopeful.
A person makes gifts in order to make gifts for others.
If a person worked hard at her job, he is seen as competent.
A person meets others’s wishes in order to please PersonY.
If a person shows that he was talented, he is remembered as a talented person as a result.
If a person realizes what is missing, he wants to find it.
If a person presents herself to others, he wants to be accepted by PersonY.
If a person is about to run out of food, he will feel hungry.
If a person agrees with his wife, he will feel satisfied.
If a person persuades others to do something, he will feel successful.
A person stands in line at the doctor's office in order to get a checkup.
A person quits the job in order to do something else.
A person goes for a walk in the park in order to enjoy nature.
If a person marries his high school sweetheart, he is happily married as a result.
If a person's fishing plan succeeds, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a grave mistake, he will feel remorseful.
A person explains himself to others in order to tell PersonY the truth.
If a person lives a perfect life, he is happy as a result.
If a person follows others to a play, he will feel entertained.
If a person faces financial difficulties, he is in debt as a result.
If a person considers his safety, he takes precautions as a result.
A person walks through the city in order to see the city.
A person tries to get information in order to learn more about the case.
If a person listens to people, he will feel interested.
If a person is accepted into the university, he wants to study more.
A person participates in a fashion show in order to be a part of the fashion industry.
If a person learns to have fun, he will feel pleased.
If a person appreciates the video, he wants to watch it again.
If a person learns to watch movie from others, he will feel entertained.
If a person plays with a child, he learns to play with children as a result.
If a person acts as a boss, he will feel in control.
A person works at his garden in order to keep his garden healthy.
If a person places the order, he will feel successful.
If a person tries to describe, he wants to describe better.
If a person sees what others wants, he gives PersonY what he wants as a result.
A person makes a back-up plan in order to be prepared for any eventuality.
If a person worries about a job, he wants to find a job.
A person listens to her mother in order to understand her mother.
If a person begins to read the letter, he wants to find out what the letter says.
If a person takes in a concert, he will feel happy.
If a person has lived here for years, he will feel comfortable.
If a person starts enjoying a rock concert, he is amazed by the music as a result.
If a person is in a relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to play the accordion, he gets better at playing the accordion as a result.
If a person wins others's son over, he will feel pleased.
A person watches the weather channel in order to know what the weather will be like.
If a person gains a new job, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns how to sew, he wants to make clothes.
A person asks a bunch of questions in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person and others talk about themselves, he will feel open.
If a person watches movies on TV, he is entertained as a result.
A person enacts plans in order to get things done.
A person goes to the water in order to be refreshed.
If a person orders new tires, he is happy with his new tires as a result.
If a person is forced to get help, he wants to get better.
If a person has to act quickly, he will feel rushed.
If a person has a stable job, he will feel happy.
If a person takes care of his own needs, he will feel independent.
If a person starts watching something, he will feel curious.
If a person offers himself a treat, he will feel content.
A person thinks over the facts in order to understand the situation.
If a person is offered help, he wants to be helped.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he will feel excited.
If a person gets others to do something, he will feel pleased.
A person writes to a travel agent in order to be prepared for a trip.
If a person buys his new car, he is happy with his new car as a result.
If a person expresses thanks to others, he will feel happy.
A person thinks about taking a trip in order to see new places.
If a person listens to a radio program, he will feel entertained.
If a person agrees to go to prom with others, he will feel pleased.
A person is working in the garden in order to be outside.
If a person fixes the room, he will feel accomplished.
A person prepares a birthday present in order to make a good present.
If a person purchases clothes, he is dressed better as a result.
If a person deals with the interruption, he remains calm as a result.
If a person watches movies, he will feel content.
If a person plans to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person rushes over to his colleague, he wants to talk to his colleague.
If a person thinks of good terms to make a reputation, he is well-known as a result.
If a person meets her ideal partner, he wants to get married.
If a person gets a degree, he will feel accomplished.
If a person thinks about others's welfare, he wants to take care of PersonY.
A person buys others a bus ticket in order to help PersonY.
If a person has gone a long time without sleep, he will feel sleepy.
If a person finishes doing his chores, he will feel accomplished.
If a person asks questions about, he wants to learn more.
If a person and others become closer friends, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is threatened by a rival, he will feel afraid.
A person and others must meet later in order to talk to PersonY.
A person attends dinner with others's family in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person steps up, he will feel strong.
If a person is under stress, he becomes anxious as a result.
If a person feels more energetic, he wants to be more active.
If a person enjoys a time with others, he will feel content.
If a person reunites with his parents, he will feel happy.
If a person hears a haunting tune, he will feel disturbed.
If a person and others dance in the street, he will feel happy.
A person is busy doing things in order to be productive.
If a person is paid a compliment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person continues her education, he wants to finish college.
A person helps others do well in school in order to help PersonY.
If a person finally finds his fiancée, he will feel happy.
A person makes plans for others in order to be prepared for PersonY's future.
If a person notices that something has changed, he wants to know what it is.
If a person's work goes well, he will feel pleased.
A person works with Mother Nature in order to be in harmony with nature.
A person keeps his promises in order to be a good person.
If a person is treated as a person, he will feel valued.
A person looks it up in a book in order to find out more about the event.
If a person is victorious, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps up-to-date on the news, he will feel entertained.
A person prepares to do battle in order to be ready for a challenge.
If a person becomes fascinated by others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he understands what PersonY said as a result.
If a person hears of good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person gets in touch with their family, he wants to be with their family.
A person initiates the approach in order to get closer to the girl.
If a person is convinced of the idea, he wants to see the idea through.
If a person expresses a complaint, he wants to be heard.
If a person sees the beautiful sunset, he will feel happy.
If a person does a favour for others, he gets thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person had a good idea, he wants to share his idea.
If a person continues working on the project, he is seen as hardworking.
If a person finds a master, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person and others falls in love, he wants to be a couple.
If a person isn’t sure what to do, he wants to know what to do.
If a person explores his sexuality, he will feel comfortable.
A person succeeds in calling others in order to see PersonY.
A person looks around him in order to know his surroundings.
If a person objects to the tutor, he wants to see a different tutor.
If a person learns new skill, he wants to master the skill.
A person works out at the gym in order to be healthy.
If a person speaks with the lady of his dreams, he will feel happy.
If a person helps others buy a present, he will feel good.
If a person has an imagination, he wants to be creative.
A person exercises at the gym in order to be healthy.
If a person thanks the person, he will feel happy.
If a person encourages himself, he will feel confident.
If a person comes up with a solution, he will feel smart.
If a person becomes educated, he is smarter as a result.
If a person sits down to tea, he will feel refreshed.
If a person becomes serious, he begins to study as a result.
If a person listens to the game on the radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person watches others's kids, he gets to know PersonY's kids as a result.
If a person beats others at darts, he will feel good.
If a person settles into a vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person gets some sleep, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person feels that it is a great idea, he wants to do it.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he wants to make fewer mistakes.
If a person believes others to be evil, he wants to stop PersonY from doing evil things.
If a person debates his choices, he wants to make a decision.
If a person is served, he will feel satisfied.
A person keeps looking in order to find something.
A person is planning to go home in order to be with his family.
If a person is back on track, he will feel happy.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he has a good time as a result.
If a person looks after the kids, he gets to spend time with the kids as a result.
A person re-arranges the living room in order to create a better living environment.
If a person spots a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person is taken out to lunch, he has a nice time as a result.
If a person has a difficult choice, he will feel uncertain.
If a person enjoys the park, he wants to play in the park.
If a person asks a very good question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person and others get into an argument, he will feel upset.
If a person explores her surroundings, he wants to explore more.
If a person is one of the King's Men, he will feel important.
If a person finds something to be grateful for, he will feel content.
If a person plans a movie night, he will feel content.
If a person has a rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a great idea, he will feel pleased.
A person takes a quick shower in order to feel clean.
A person attempts to discern information in order to find out the truth.
If a person gets the work done on time, he is seen as reliable.
If a person plans the date, he will feel in control.
If a person has many business meetings, he will feel busy.
If a person finishes a task, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is unsatisfied with his job, he wants to find a better job.
If a person believes that others is making progress, he will feel hopeful.
If a person talks to an expert about the world, he learns more about the world as a result.
A person is really taking care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person runs an online poll, he gets feedback as a result.
If a person meets with a guru, he gains wisdom as a result.
A person waits for others to finish talking in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
If a person has a couple of arguments, he gets angry as a result.
If a person makes a good meal, he will feel pleased.
A person stops to check in order to be sure.
A person takes courses at school in order to get an education.
If a person takes advantage of a shower, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person asks questions about, he will feel informed.
If a person subscribes to a sports magazine, he will feel informed.
If a person listens to whale music, he becomes a fan of whale music as a result.
If a person hears a noise in the attic, he wants to check out the noise.
If a person intends to play a trick on others, he will feel clever.
If a person feels ashamed of what he has done, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets a new idea, he wants to try it out.
If a person polishes his car, he will feel satisfied.
A person visits his father’s grave in order to remember his father.
If a person takes care of business, he will feel productive.
If a person keeps painting, he will feel creative.
If a person has a tough time, he is sad as a result.
A person reads a piece of paper in order to know what the document says.
If a person gets a chance to be a responsible citizen, he helps the community as a result.
If a person is given the opportunity to go to college, he is accepted to college as a result.
If a person carries on a long discussion, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person seeks out her family, he is able to reconnect with her family as a result.
A person rereads the letter in order to understand the letter.
If a person receives a hostile letter, he will feel upset.
If a person is astounded by it, he wants to know more.
A person visited the museum in order to see the exhibits.
If a person carries out the program, he will feel motivated.
If a person comes to others's defence, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person plans a surprise for others, he wants to keep PersonY happy.
If a person has the thought that others is right, he wants to agree with PersonY.
If a person finishes many things, he is seen as a hard worker.
If a person watches a music video, he will feel entertained.
A person writes down others’s contact details in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person makes something come true, he will feel accomplished.
If a person sees a chance to win the bet, he will feel determined.
If a person is a role model, he is respected by his peers as a result.
A person makes an inquiry of others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person makes up for last time, he will feel pleased.
If a person believes others is a pest, he wants to get rid of PersonY.
If a person sneaks up on the bad guys, he gets the drop on the bad guys as a result.
If a person finds a beautiful new ring, he is pleased with the ring as a result.
If a person buys tickets for the two of them, he will feel pleased.
A person goes to her mother's house in order to see her mother.
If a person applies for a position, he gets the job as a result.
If a person gets some peace, he is happy as a result.
If a person develops a strategy, he wants to try it out.
If a person shows an interest in the matter, he wants to learn more.
If a person fights to save others, he will feel determined.
A person is working on her computer in order to be productive.
A person speaks to her mother on the phone in order to hear her mother's voice.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes charge of a crew, he will feel competent.
If a person has a big day, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person returns to nature, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes an advanced course, he learns more as a result.
A person cleans out the apartment in order to make the apartment more livable.
If a person heard a rumor, he wants to check it out.
If a person was suspicious, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person is captivated by the theory, he wants to learn more.
If a person feels very confused, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person's life is much better, he will feel happy.
If a person holds his own with others, he will feel confident.
If a person works on the case, he is seen as diligent.
A person takes care of his own needs in order to be independent.
If a person has a good time, he is happy as a result.
If a person refuses to go along with the crowd, he will feel independent.
If a person is unhappy with the present situation, he wants to be happy.
If a person believes he did something wrong, he wants to make it right.
If a person takes action to stop others, he will feel determined.
If a person makes a transaction, he will feel accomplished.
If a person fears the world is getting worse, he is pessimistic as a result.
A person wants to meet with others in person in order to have a personal conversation.
If a person gets his wishes, he will feel happy.
If a person went jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person bids a fond farewell, he will feel content.
If a person practices Kung Fu, he gets better at Kung Fu as a result.
A person is concentrating on task in order to be efficient.
If a person takes a closer look, he will feel interested.
If a person always manages to find the time, he is punctual as a result.
A person begins speaking in order to express herself.
If a person finally lives his dream, he feels proud of himself as a result.
If a person shows the enemy who's boss, he wins the fight as a result.
A person shows others her options in order to help PersonY.
If a person reads good books, he will feel happy.
If a person visits a health club, he wants to work out.
If a person finds some time to read, he will feel motivated.
A person thinks about the present situation in order to understand the situation.
A person leaves on her own in order to make her own decisions.
A person is talking on the phone in order to talk to someone.
If a person has a strange feeling, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person contemplates the universe, he wants to find out what is out there.
If a person meets the press, he is interviewed as a result.
If a person marks her first win, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a bus tour, he will feel entertained.
If a person is repeatedly beset, he will feel frustrated.
If a person's business is damaged, he wants to repair the damage.
If a person makes a career out of it, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks that Tom is an interesting person, he wants to know more about Tom.
If a person tries to find out who stole the money, he wants to get the money back.
A person reads often in order to be well informed.
A person decides to play by the rules in order to be a good sport.
If a person orders the book, he will feel pleased.
If a person has good ideas, he will feel confident.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he wants to explore.
A person attends a class in order to be in school.
If a person relaxes and is carefree, he has a good time as a result.
A person undertakes a different approach in order to achieve a different result.
A person has already been to the market in order to buy the groceries.
A person goes back to counseling in order to feel better.
A person visits grandfather in order to spend time with her grandfather.
A person takes more trips in order to explore the world.
If a person turns on light, he will feel illuminated.
If a person takes swimming lessons, he wants to swim in the ocean.
If a person decides to remain, he will feel secure.
If a person thinks ahead of time, he will feel confident.
A person writes to her friends in order to keep in touch with her friends.
If a person drinks an excessive amount of alcohol, he is drunk as a result.
If a person earns a fair wage, he will feel valued.
If a person watches a comedy on TV, he wants to laugh.
If a person finds a new husband, he will feel content.
If a person is always liked, he will feel respected.
If a person and others have a feast, he will feel full.
If a person gets out of paying a debt, he will feel relieved.
A person treats others to a dinner in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person writes letters to the newspaper, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person learns to love her sister, he wants to help her sister.
If a person takes the medication, he feels better as a result.
A person packs for a business trip in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person listens to his conscience, he wants to be a good person.
If a person has a successful meeting, he makes a good impression as a result.
If a person helps with the housework, he will feel useful.
If a person finally finds a good job, he will feel excited.
If a person arranges the room, he will feel neat.
If a person hears about the subject, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person applies for others’s job in order to help PersonY.
If a person likes eating there, he will feel content.
A person works really hard in order to succeed.
A person pursues a master’s degree in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person practices writing something, he will feel motivated.
If a person negotiates for a better salary, he gets a raise as a result.
If a person is a prominent leader, he will feel important.
If a person works on his thesis, he wants to finish his thesis.
If a person proves himself, he will feel confident.
If a person joins a gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person has had a real adventure, he has a story to tell as a result.
If a person is getting healthy, he will feel confident.
A person takes her cat to the vet in order to keep her cat healthy.
If a person receives a compliment, he will feel pleased.
A person re-reads the manual in order to understand the instructions.
If a person gets a beating, he is sore as a result.
A person cleans an apartment in order to make the apartment look nice.
A person decorates his house in order to be proud of his house.
If a person gets therapy, he feels better as a result.
If a person suddenly felt cold, he wants to get warm.
If a person leads by example, he inspires others as a result.
If a person is dressed in a way that seems confusing, he wants to dress in a way that is not confusing.
If a person breaks out in song, he will feel joyful.
If a person suffers hardship, he wants to feel better.
If a person finds it on the Internet, he wants to use it.
A person goes to a friend’s house in order to hang out with a friend.
If a person checks out others’s background, he learns more about PersonY as a result.
If a person buys tickets to a concert, he has a good time as a result.
If a person considers carefully, he wants to be sure.
A person resumes broadcasting in order to get back to work.
A person makes a post to a newsgroup in order to communicate with other people.
If a person goes on a night out, he has a good time as a result.
If a person enjoys a sunny afternoon, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person finally got what they deserved, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is going to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person receives some bad news, he is upset as a result.
A person enrolls in a writing class in order to improve her writing skills.
A person listens to a woman's problems in order to help.
A person cooks and cleans in order to keep the house clean.
If a person is confused about others, he wants to understand PersonY.
A person takes off on a journey in order to see the world.
If a person runs in the morning, he will feel energetic.
If a person finds a nice place to relax, he is happy as a result.
If a person is a good businessman, he will feel confident.
If a person gets caught breaking the rules, he will feel guilty.
If a person goes to a new place, he wants to see what's there.
A person plans to go home for vacation in order to see his family.
If a person meets with other family members, he gets to know his family as a result.
If a person gets a bike for Christmas, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds others repulsive, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person likes to talk to others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person takes others's letter in order to find out what PersonY wrote.
If a person eats a really good meal, he will feel satisfied.
A person writes letters to others in order to be able to write to PersonY.
A person builds his business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person dances, dances, and dances, he will feel ecstatic.
If a person is good at the game, he wins the game as a result.
If a person gets into a traffic accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person accepts others’s congratulations, he will feel happy.
If a person is starting to recover, he will feel hopeful.
If a person decides to do her homework, he will feel motivated.
If a person is anxious about a decision, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is running for an election, he wants to win.
If a person takes it easy, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has been blessed, he will feel happy.
If a person takes up pole-vaulting, he improves his skills as a result.
If a person has heard some good gossip, he wants to share the gossip.
If a person has fun at the party, he will feel joyful.
A person congratulates others on promotion in order to support PersonY.
If a person is in the middle of writing, he will feel productive.
If a person orders some food from a particular restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
A person organizes a gathering of friends in order to be sociable.
If a person leads a quality life, he will feel content.
A person talks to the professor in order to know what the professor thinks.
If a person picks out the right wine, he enjoys the wine as a result.
If a person is successful in a sales pitch, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to go for walks, he will feel peaceful.
A person lives off the land in order to be self sufficient.
If a person does a fabulous performance, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks about being cold, he wants to be warm.
If a person listens to the evening news, he learns about the latest news as a result.
If a person makes a day of it, he will feel happy.
If a person kisses the bride, he will feel joyful.
If a person was involved in a car accident, he is hurt as a result.
If a person enjoys others’s presence, he will feel content.
If a person loves to teach people, he wants to teach more.
If a person gets back in shape, he is stronger as a result.
A person re-read the paper in order to see what the paper says.
If a person has a nice scene, he will feel pleased.
A person talks to others about the future in order to know what the future holds.
If a person starts working out, he will feel motivated.
A person talks with Sam in order to have a conversation with Sam.
A person continues to take care of others in order to make sure PersonY is safe.
A person tries not to bother others in order to avoid a fight.
If a person has a bad week, he will feel sad.
If a person provides for himself, he will feel secure.
If a person thinks of the consequences, he wants to think of a solution.
If a person decides to repent, he wants to do better.
If a person and others visit a good place together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person has a very good idea, he will feel confident.
A person drives to others's apartment in order to see PersonY.
A person helps organize a celebration in order to make the event a success.
If a person completes a given task, he will feel confident.
If a person completes the software, he will feel successful.
If a person goes out to take a walk, he will feel happy.
If a person walks a fine line, he will feel uncertain.
If a person likes to plan, he is organized as a result.
If a person makes a case for something, he will feel intelligent.
If a person goes with it, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person is reunited with a loved one, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a great deal of affection for others, he wants to be close to PersonY.
A person visits GrandmaY at the hospital in order to spend time with GrandmaY.
A person visits a local museum in order to see the exhibits.
If a person gets prepared for an exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person is at church, he will feel spiritual.
A person avoids jumping to conclusions in order to be rational.
If a person earns a salary, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a reward for good work, he will feel happy.
If a person uncovers a mystery, he wants to solve the mystery.
A person reads the poem in order to understand the poem.
If a person experiences rude treatment, he will feel upset.
If a person convinces others to let her go, he will feel victorious.
If a person insists on being more aware, he will feel motivated.
If a person sleeps comfortably, he is well rested as a result.
If a person makes an effort to understand others, he will feel interested.
If a person faces a major problem, he will feel worried.
If a person finds a mate, he will feel happy.
If a person receives an engagement ring, he will feel happy.
If a person completes training, he will feel accomplished.
If a person performs community service, he is thanked by the community as a result.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he wants to find something acceptable.
If a person looks up to it, he wants to be like it.
A person suggests taking the dog for a walk in order to spend time with the dog.
If a person cooks a good meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is an important individual, he is successful as a result.
If a person finally decides to give it a try, he will feel hopeful.
If a person keeps playing, he will feel entertained.
If a person and his family go to church, he will feel religious.
If a person grows in popularity, he will feel important.
If a person begins to doubt, he will feel discouraged.
If a person enjoys a peaceful life, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a violent stomach ache, he wants to vomit.
If a person has found a buyer, he is pleased as a result.
If a person drinks an alcoholic beverage, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person overcomes everything, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sees a potential problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person finds something special, he is pleased as a result.
If a person becomes easygoing, he becomes a more pleasant person as a result.
If a person has some bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person takes all the blame, he will feel guilty.
If a person brings the matter to an end, he will feel victorious.
If a person drives to the supermarket, he buys food as a result.
A person studies one hour every day in order to be smarter.
A person keeps a record of his exercise in order to be healthy.
A person watches the beautiful sunset in order to enjoy the beauty of nature.
If a person feels affection for others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person sticks to the rules, he will feel obedient.
If a person learns new skill, he wants to practice that skill.
If a person says "I do" to others, he will feel happy.
If a person begins a workout, he gets fit as a result.
If a person goes home and rests, he feels better as a result.
If a person claps to attract attention, he gets applause as a result.
A person reads numerous books in order to learn more.
If a person finds success, he feels happy as a result.
If a person gives a grand speech, he will feel proud.
A person takes the twins out in order to spend time with the twins.
If a person develops new skills, he wants to use his new skills.
If a person stops at the pharmacy, he wants to buy some medicine.
If a person suffers from a deadly disease, he will feel in pain.
A person cleans the air filters in order to improve the air quality.
If a person has a chill, he wants to be warm.
A person does some yard work in order to keep his yard in shape.
If a person get laid, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is passionate about something, he wants to learn more about it.
A person follows up on the patient in order to know the patient's condition.
If a person buys a new pair of glasses, he is able to see better as a result.
If a person gets ready to travel, he will feel excited.
If a person keeps up-to-date on the news, he will feel interested.
If a person persuades others to take a trip, he will feel pleased.
A person gets started writing a review in order to be productive.
If a person has broken his leg, he will feel in pain.
A person visits someone who's returned in order to see how someone is doing.
If a person does not understand the concept, he will feel puzzled.
If a person finishes her novel, he will feel satisfied.
A person shops for her sister in order to be able to help her sister.
If a person is a big boy, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person manages to cope, he will feel competent.
If a person is a permanent resident, he will feel settled.
If a person becomes aware of something strange, he wants to investigate.
If a person gets the new gadget, he will feel pleased.
A person walks on the path in order to be outside.
A person tries an experimental treatment in order to get better.
If a person marries a good man, he is happy as a result.
A person checks whether others is fine in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person reminds others about it in order to make sure PersonY remembers.
A person goes back to school after break in order to learn more.
If a person asks for others's number, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person enjoys listening to the music, he will feel excited.
If a person listens to his conscience, he will feel good.
A person studies diligently in order to be a better student.
If a person agrees to do it on his own, he will feel confident.
If a person comes back and gets the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person completes a given task, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes an important decision, he wants to make the right decision.
If a person gets his man, he will feel pleased.
If a person does the thing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets complimented by the teacher, he will feel pleased.
If a person wins first place, he will feel pleased.
A person starts studying for the entrance exam in order to be ready for the exam.
A person works hard at the bakery in order to make money.
If a person receives the requested favor from others, he will feel respected.
If a person keeps a low profile, he avoids trouble as a result.
If a person is reading a newspaper, he will feel interested.
If a person expects others to be happy, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person is bombarded by misfortune, he will feel upset.
A person practices a new skill in order to improve.
If a person keeps painting, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets more practice, he is more skilled as a result.
If a person fixes a thing, he will feel happy.
If a person starts a new friendship, he will feel happy.
If a person reads an exciting book, he learns something new as a result.
If a person delivers a strong speech, he will feel confident.
If a person doesn't like something, he wants to change it.
A person takes off from home in order to go to a new place.
If a person is covered with wounds, he will feel pain.
If a person considers going back to school, he will feel motivated.
If a person considers what happens in the future, he wants to plan for the future.
If a person is disgusted with others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
A person always follows rules in order to be consistent.
If a person teaches others how to stand up for himself, he makes PersonY stronger as a result.
A person makes eye contact with others in order to communicate with PersonY.
If a person enjoys friendship, he wants to be friends with everyone.
If a person becomes involved with a new group, he makes new friends as a result.
If a person performs community service, he will feel responsible.
If a person learns about the neighborhood, he wants to know more about the neighborhood.
A person is walking down the sidewalk in order to be outside.
If a person learns about business, he will feel enlightened.
If a person wants to improve others’s life, he makes PersonY’s life better as a result.
If a person is determined to get it done, he gets it done as a result.
If a person is a success, he is happy as a result.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he is a better person as a result.
If a person volunteers at a local food bank, he helps the hungry as a result.
If a person disagrees with the decision, he is upset as a result.
If a person spends his time wisely, he is happy as a result.
If a person found it very pleasant, he will feel relaxed.
If a person made a career out of it, he will feel happy.
A person gives something back to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person regrets some past action, he wants to do better.
If a person makes food from scratch, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gives a very good speech, he will feel confident.
If a person decides to take an afternoon nap, he will feel relaxed.
If a person works hard for the client, he will feel satisfied.
If a person catches others’s eye, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person is now alone, he is lonely as a result.
A person takes care of his own business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person gets somebody to help, he will feel supported.
If a person likes to order out, he eats out more often as a result.
A person begins to apply his knowledge in order to do his best.
If a person spends an evening at the movies, he will feel content.
If a person focuses on detail, he will feel productive.
If a person attempts to be consistent, he gets into the habit of doing things as a result.
If a person gets used to a new program, he likes the program as a result.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he is pleased with the meal as a result.
A person questions the procedure in order to know the truth.
If a person recalls others's advice, he wants to remember what PersonY said.
If a person delivers a brilliant speech, he will feel pleased.
If a person was successful, he will feel pleased.
If a person leads a very interesting life, he will feel happy.
If a person learns a new skill, he wants to master the skill.
A person hangs out with others's family in order to be a part of PersonY's family.
If a person defeats others in a contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person travels overseas, he gains new experiences as a result.
If a person finds a way to make the year easier, he will feel successful.
If a person mends fences, he will feel pleased.
If a person trains in the wood, he becomes a better woodworker as a result.
If a person becomes interested in magic, he performs magic tricks as a result.
If a person competes in a contest, he wants to win.
A person considers a walk in order to be physically active.
A person places Object1 at a specific location in order to make sure that Object1 is where it is supposed to.
If a person reasons with others, he persuades PersonY to be reasonable as a result.
If a person is unhappy with her job, he will feel stressed.
If a person discovers something unusual, he wants to know more.
If a person decides to do it on her own, he will feel determined.
If a person watches movie, he is entertained as a result.
A person posts a message on the bulletin board in order to share his thoughts.
If a person joins in the venture, he will feel motivated.
If a person does his laundry, he gets clean clothes as a result.
A person takes an ice-cold shower in order to feel refreshed.
A person flosses her teeth in order to keep her teeth healthy.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he is impressed by the food as a result.
If a person is asked to do a favor, he does the favor as a result.
If a person works on multiple projects, he is seen as a hard worker.
If a person has found a buyer, he will feel happy.
If a person learns about cooking, he wants to cook.
If a person feels affection for others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person attends church services, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is sorry for taking things for granted, he wants to make amends.
If a person joins a book club, he reads more as a result.
If a person has gotten a flat tire, he has to get a new tire as a result.
If a person uses himself as a shield, he will feel protected.
If a person watches closely, he will feel interested.
If a person gets a raise, he is happy as a result.
If a person puts on his make-up, he will feel happy.
If a person gives good service, he will feel appreciated.
If a person appears to have committed a crime, he is arrested as a result.
If a person goes off to bed, he will feel peaceful.
If a person likes an idea, he decides to try it as a result.
If a person finds others in danger, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person takes a little break, he will feel relaxed.
A person decides to quit the job in order to be independent.
If a person practices a lot to get better, he is seen as hardworking.
A person takes others out again in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person finds something unexpected, he is shocked as a result.
If a person volunteers to help others with cooking, he will feel helpful.
A person takes time to listen in order to know what people are thinking.
If a person gets an important job, he will feel happy.
A person studies hard for an exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person has lunch with the children, he gets to know the children as a result.
If a person has the big show, he will feel important.
A person works on moving out in order to start a new life.
If a person is now in charge, he will feel confident.
If a person outplays others at chess, he will feel smart.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening at home, he will feel calm.
A person decides to look for a new job in order to earn more money.
A person is planning to go abroad in order to explore the world.
If a person has been very helpful, he is thanked by others as a result.
If a person puts forth effort, he makes progress as a result.
A person decides to experiment in order to find out more about himself.
A person organizes the plan in order to make sure that the plan is done correctly.
A person confronts the situation in order to get to the bottom of the problem.
If a person convinces others to give a party, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances in the streets, he will feel happy.
If a person suffers from panic attacks, he wants to stop having panic attacks.
If a person sits comfortably, he will feel calm.
If a person contemplates revenge, he will feel determined.
If a person stays home sick, he will feel miserable.
A person follows the driver in order to learn about the driver.
If a person and others make peace, he will feel pleased.
If a person writes a good novel, he gets published as a result.
If a person thinks of an interesting reply, he will feel pleased.
A person begins writing a book in order to share his story.
If a person gives others the highest praise, he will feel satisfied.
A person competes in swimming in order to be a good swimmer.
If a person enjoys his second cup of coffee, he will feel satisfied.
If a person re-reads the book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person invites others along, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person dines out with family, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes her own wishes prevail, he will feel empowered.
If a person is shown a news article, he wants to read the article.
A person examines a novel that a friend gave her in order to understand the novel.
A person listens to others's theory in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person struggles with study, he will feel stressed.
If a person asks questions about the wedding, he learns more about the wedding as a result.
A person reviews what’s been said in order to understand the discussion.
If a person sees a new show, he will feel entertained.
A person tells it as it is in order to be honest.
A person begins planning in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person grows restless, he wants to go out.
A person asks the right question in order to get the answer.
If a person attends a live performance, he is entertained as a result.
A person goes for her checkup in order to keep her health in check.
If a person takes steps to become, he will feel capable.
A person sweeps the sidewalk in order to make sure the sidewalk is clean.
A person takes good care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person rekindles a relationship, he will feel happy.
A person invites others for lunch in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person helps others with a homework in order to help PersonY.
If a person doesn't know where to go, he will feel lost.
If a person has completed a course, he will feel accomplished.
If a person receives good news, he will feel relieved.
A person calls others's attention in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person made a promise, he will feel determined.
A person works on something in order to get better at something.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to do something about it.
A person chats about others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person walks into a coffee shop, he wants to buy a cup of coffee.
If a person becomes a champion of the poor, he is praised by the poor as a result.
If a person turns the music up, he will feel excited.
A person stops for a moment to rest in order to be well rested.
If a person jogs around the park, he will feel energetic.
If a person dances in a room, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes some time to reflect, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person notices that someone's missing, he wants to find out who's missing.
If a person is caught in a controversy, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person goes through a tough time, he will feel hurt.
If a person knows how to cope, he will feel strong.
If a person prepares to marry others, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to the gallery, he likes the art as a result.
If a person gets into a scrape, he will feel upset.
If a person and others goes out for a drink, he and PersonY get drunk as a result.
If a person feels perplexed, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person suffers from others's lie, he feels betrayed as a result.
If a person meets a girlfriend, he wants to be with his girlfriend.
If a person decides to take a vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person leans back to relax, he will feel at peace.
If a person is recognized as an expert, he is praised by his colleagues as a result.
If a person is saved from danger, he will feel relieved.
If a person exercises his body, he becomes fit as a result.
If a person is getting ready to have an amazing time, he is very happy as a result.
A person starts to do a good job in order to be good at his job.
If a person collects information from others, he wants to use the information.
If a person watches a TV show, he will feel entertained.
If a person argues with the author, he will feel irritated.
If a person proposes a toast to the bride and groom, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to sing in tune in order to be a good singer.
If a person is active in charity work, he will feel helpful.
A person reread the sentence in order to understand the meaning of the sentence.
If a person says yes to a change, he will feel happy.
If a person owns his own home, he will feel independent.
If a person comes to an agreement, he will feel satisfied.
If a person passes a driving test, he will feel confident.
If a person is victorious, he will feel confident.
If a person plays with the toys, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others attend a performance, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person likes to fix things, he will feel productive.
If a person encounters danger, he will feel scared.
If a person searches for more information, he learns more about the issue as a result.
If a person has a fight with her brother, he is upset as a result.
If a person gets a different perspective, he will feel enlightened.
A person writes down the instructions in order to follow the instructions.
If a person starts up a shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person advances a cause, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he will feel peaceful.
If a person regrets his crime, he wants to do something to make up for his crime.
If a person has plans to visit the library, he wants to study.
A person visits her cousin in order to spend time with her cousin.
If a person has a conflict with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person examines others’s past, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person considers the facts, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person invests in another business venture, he wants to make more money.
If a person regrets her past mistakes, he wants to do better.
A person went to the beach in order to relax.
A person goes for a short walk in order to get some fresh air.
A person meets with others's father in order to talk to PersonY's father.
A person signs up for an evening class in order to improve her knowledge.
If a person regrets making a donation, he wants to give the money back.
If a person constructs a theory, he wants to test it.
If a person and others go to a lecture, he and PersonY become interested in a topic as a result.
A person begins to read a letter in order to find out what is in the letter.
A person writes a letter to her mother in order to express her feelings.
If a person leads his team to victory, he will feel confident.
If a person has always been well-dressed, he will feel elegant.
If a person and others become partners, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person takes an adventure, he will feel excited.
A person offers others a decent wage in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others has a social life, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person is a volunteer, he will feel useful.
If a person makes love to , he will feel content.
If a person does more research, he learns more about the subject as a result.
A person is well-prepared for the class in order to do well in the class.
A person writes to others about it in order to let PersonY know about the situation.
If a person does right by others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins a dance team, he is a good dancer as a result.
A person leads a horse to water in order to make sure the horse is hydrated.
A person finds some sort of work in order to make money.
If a person is researching on their own, he will feel independent.
If a person discovers a crime, he wants to find the criminal.
If a person visited others's mother, he got to know PersonY's mother as a result.
If a person works on his term paper, he wants to finish his paper.
If a person eats his meal, he is full as a result.
A person looks up a disease in order to learn more about the disease.
If a person is in a position of trust, he will feel respected.
If a person convinces others to return, he will feel confident.
If a person seeks spiritual help, he wants to feel better.
A person tries to do her homework in order to be good at school.
If a person gets to go on vacation, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns to accept the truth, he will feel free.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he will feel content.
A person speaks some words in order to communicate with others.
If a person discovers a new passion, he wants to explore his new interest.
If a person has a thought, he wants to act on it.
If a person burns up, he wants to stop burning.
If a person becomes an advocate, he is able to help others as a result.
If a person and others have a bad fight, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person appreciates the tulips, he wants to see the tulips again.
If a person puts an arm around others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person beats others in a chess game, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is concerned about others's future, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person is welcomed into others's home, he is treated like a member of the family as a result.
If a person begins to grow up, he begins to think for himself as a result.
If a person has a new house built, he will feel happy.
If a person blames the cat for making noise, he wants to make the cat stop making noise.
If a person tells good stories, he will feel entertained.
If a person makes a hit movie, he will feel satisfied.
A person was following others in order to be near PersonY.
If a person dresses up nicely, he will feel attractive.
A person attends school regularly in order to be educated.
If a person is in charge of his life, he is a responsible adult as a result.
If a person starts a conversation, he wants to keep talking.
If a person reevaluates a decision, he wants to make a different decision.
A person drives to her cousin’s wedding in order to spend time with her cousin.
If a person has a pleasant chat, he will feel content.
If a person dances with herself, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to feel cold, he wants to warm up.
If a person persuades others to buy the computer, he will feel pleased.
If a person raised a beautiful child, he is proud of his child as a result.
If a person helps out at the school, he will feel useful.
If a person works out in the backyard, he wants to stay in shape.
A person writes a letter to his grandmother in order to keep his grandmother informed.
If a person spends lots of time practicing, he is seen as diligent.
A person talks about others to others in order to spread the word about PersonY.
If a person reaches the target, he will feel pleased.
A person writes the blog post in order to share his thoughts.
If a person and others go to a show, he will feel entertained.
If a person has great plans, he is excited as a result.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he will feel content.
If a person wins a political argument, he will feel confident.
If a person takes a tour of the United States, he learns about the country as a result.
If a person succeeds in looking well, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person discusses personZ with others, he learns about personZ as a result.
If a person has a fair job, he will feel successful.
If a person was busy day and night, he will feel tired.
If a person and others are attacked, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person flies to outer space, he gets the chance to see the universe as a result.
If a person raises a glass, he will feel pleased.
If a person is not coping, he is depressed as a result.
If a person has doubts about some news, he wants to be sure.
If a person's life is better now, he will feel content.
If a person tries to make others a better person, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person is successful in leaving, he will feel liberated.
If a person has doubts about what others does, he wants to be more sure of what PersonY does.
If a person takes a scientific approach, he will feel objective.
If a person drinks a lot of water, he will feel hydrated.
If a person carries on laughing, he will feel happy.
If a person gives a short presentation, he is seen as persuasive.
A person gets ready to travel in order to see the world.
If a person devotes herself to science, he will feel satisfied.
If a person reads the New York Times, he is informed about the news as a result.
A person plans to leave home in order to start a new life.
If a person is attacked by a rhinoceros, he is injured as a result.
If a person cuts down on the booze, he will feel sober.
If a person is threatened by a rival, he is upset as a result.
If a person takes part in a journey, he will feel challenged.
A person raises the question in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person gets cleaned up, he looks better as a result.
If a person runs some errands, he gets some things done as a result.
If a person notices a foul smell, he wants to fix the smell.
If a person succeeds in a difficult project, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys a drive, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is a professional athlete, he is in good shape as a result.
If a person participates in the arts, he will feel artistic.
If a person has a special treat, he will feel delighted.
If a person has a successful date, he is pleased as a result.
If a person has a pep talk, he feels better as a result.
If a person is accepted to the university, he wants to study.
A person has come to the party in order to have fun.
If a person watches television at home, he is entertained as a result.
If a person is a superior leader, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person paints at home, he will feel productive.
If a person gains respect, he will feel happy.
If a person finds an object of value, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts going to bed early, he gets more sleep as a result.
If a person starts a relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person plays a sport again, he will feel happy.
If a person sleeps under the stars, he will feel peaceful.
If a person is annoyed by others's laughing, he wants to make PersonY stop laughing.
A person waits for the children in order to be with his children.
If a person examines something strange, he wants to know what it is.
A person works extra hard in order to get ahead.
If a person acquires a motor vehicle, he will feel pleased.
If a person does an aerobic exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person thinks others has betrayed him, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person creates a check list, he wants to finish the list.
If a person offers his opinion to others, he wants to be heard.
If a person realizes what is missing, he wants to find out what is missing.
If a person learned a lot, he will feel enlightened.
A person practices the guitar in the bathtub in order to be good at the guitar.
If a person enacts a plan, he will feel determined.
A person practices her ballet in order to improve her dancing.
If a person asks others for support, he is supported by PersonY as a result.
If a person is an important individual, he is respected as a result.
If a person experiences trouble, he wants to feel better.
If a person inquires about others's past, he will feel intrigued.
If a person lives a life of glory, he will feel content.
If a person meets new neighbors, he gets to know the neighbors as a result.
If a person hunts for clues, he wants to solve the mystery.
A person studies how to play an instrument in order to be a musician.
A person starts looking for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is hanging out with his friends, he is having fun as a result.
If a person is not pleased with it, he wants to change it.
If a person has a nice, solid relationship, he will feel secure.
If a person resists the urge to flee, he stays put as a result.
If a person works on others’s puzzles, he helps PersonY finish his puzzles as a result.
If a person gets some sun, he gets a tan as a result.
If a person considers going to school, he will feel hopeful.
If a person enjoys a sunset, he will feel relaxed.
A person tries to tell others something in order to make PersonY understand.
If a person learns of some good news, he wants to be happy.
A person calls his or her friend in order to have a conversation.
If a person has a restful night’s sleep, he wakes up refreshed as a result.
If a person performs some agricultural operations, he will feel productive.
If a person had a long, happy marriage, he will feel content.
If a person is very sweet to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to take on the task, he wants to get the job done.
A person makes a trip to the shopping mall in order to be able to buy things.
If a person has been trying to, he wants to do better.
If a person won the election, he will feel satisfied.
A person fixes the computer in order to get the job done.
If a person accepts a business proposal, he wants to make money.
If a person purchases a new CD, he is pleased with the CD as a result.
If a person takes up boxing, he wants to get stronger.
If a person reads an unusual book, he will feel curious.
If a person is threatened by a rival, he will feel fearful.
If a person expands his spiritual horizons, he will feel enlightened.
If a person earns an income, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sings along to songs, he will feel happy.
A person encourages others's ambitions in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person's life is much better, he will feel satisfied.
If a person chooses an outfit, he is dressed to impress as a result.
If a person gets into the driver's seat, he will feel in control.
If a person wants to get ahead, he wants to get a promotion.
If a person starts to ride his bike, he will feel eager.
If a person is warm and sunny, he will feel relaxed.
If a person knows how to defend itself, he will feel in control.
If a person gets credit for advice, he will feel respected.
A person puts a lot of effort into this in order to succeed.
If a person chills out at home, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person understands what needs to be done, he does what needs to be done as a result.
If a person plans her next step, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes her way over to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person learns to relax, he will feel happy.
If a person looks up things online, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person asks in order to know the truth.
If a person has a lovely time, he is happy as a result.
A person takes physical measures in order to stay healthy.
If a person is given a position of power, he makes decisions as a result.
If a person clears up the matter, he will feel pleased.
If a person is accustomed to doing things his own way, he will feel independent.
A person goes into the church in order to be part of the church.
If a person is kind to someone, he is liked by someone as a result.
A person manages the factory in order to keep the factory running.
If a person begins to pray, he feels more spiritual as a result.
If a person is active in the strike, he will feel passionate.
A person visits the family in order to spend time with his family.
If a person completes an agreement, he will feel successful.
A person confides his troubles to someone in order to be understood.
If a person assures others of what others wants, he is seen as sincere.
If a person visits someone related to others, he learns something about PersonY as a result.
If a person suddenly gets rid of a problem, he will feel relieved.
If a person learns to behave, he wants to be good.
If a person learns that others needs help, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person is considered for a job, he wants to be hired.
If a person finds himself in a strange situation, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person gets some new clothes, he looks good as a result.
If a person hits the clubs, he is drunk as a result.
If a person fights for others's release, he will feel determined.
If a person knows something's wrong, he wants to figure out what's wrong.
A person is working full time in order to earn money.
If a person finds her view of herself is incomplete, he wants to know what she is missing.
If a person questions some friends, he learns more about his friends as a result.
If a person seeks spiritual advice, he wants to be spiritual.
If a person reaches her goals, he is happy as a result.
A person questions the damage in order to know the truth.
If a person goes back to a rural setting, he will feel comfortable.
If a person starts to value others, he wants to stay with PersonY.
If a person looks at others and smiles, he will feel happy.
If a person is having a good time, he will feel relaxed.
A person avoids wine in order to be sober.
A person confesses his feelings in order to be honest.
A person makes his bed every day in order to be tidy.
If a person is good at making decisions, he will feel confident.
If a person talks to his neighbour, he gets to know his neighbour as a result.
If a person takes a bad decision, he will feel guilty.
If a person is talked about, he is praised as a result.
If a person made up with her friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person regrets a mistake, he wants to fix the mistake.
If a person gets injured in a car accident, he is in pain as a result.
A person asks a number of questions in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person worries about grades, he will feel tense.
A person expresses her opinions in order to be heard.
If a person feels what others says, he wants to listen to PersonY.
If a person learns from the mistakes, he will feel wise.
If a person solves the problem for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person explains this and that, he will feel informative.
If a person sets things right, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes in to others's office, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person rushes toward others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person signs up for a tournament, he will feel excited.
If a person appears on the verge of victory, he will feel proud.
If a person is a college student, he studies hard as a result.
If a person objects to the assignment, he wants to change the assignment.
A person puts a call through to others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person is an expert at disguise, he is not recognized as a result.
If a person does not agree with the government, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person attended a celebration, he had fun as a result.
If a person has a beer with a friend, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person gets engaged to others, he is happy as a result.
If a person receives a bonus, he will feel pleased.
If a person deals with the problem, he is successful as a result.
If a person keeps his word, he will feel trustworthy.
If a person is getting dressed, he is ready to go out as a result.
If a person learns how to ride, he becomes a better rider as a result.
If a person regrets it later, he wants to never do it again.
If a person mends a broken relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person remembers an important event, he wants to remember the event.
If a person agrees to do homework, he will feel responsible.
If a person stopped at the theatre, he saw a play as a result.
A person is a frequent talker in order to be able to talk to people.
If a person expends a great deal of energy, he will feel tired.
If a person receives the requested favor from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person is having a bad day, he will feel annoyed.
If a person has received some important news, he will feel happy.
If a person drinks from fountain, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has a good reputation, he will feel respected.
If a person prepares some plan, he makes a good plan as a result.
If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, he will feel tipsy.
A person speaks to personY about it in order to know what personY thinks.
If a person enters university and gets a good degree, he is seen as smart.
If a person is facing a dilemma, he wants to solve the dilemma.
If a person is involved in a financial crisis, he will feel stressed.
If a person hunts for clues, he will feel focused.
A person learns how to steer in order to be able to control the boat.
If a person is given some useful advice, he is pleased with the advice as a result.
If a person admires others’s book, he wants to read the book.
A person is open about feelings in order to be honest.
If a person compares different cultures, he will feel curious.
If a person dresses up for an evening out, he will feel elegant.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he will feel prepared.
If a person picks up a new pet, he is happy with his new pet as a result.
A person continues to train others in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others disagree about something, he and PersonY argue as a result.
If a person sees a film for the first time, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes up a new career, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to read it again, he will feel curious.
If a person is confused about the present, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person is well-trained, he is excellent as a result.
If a person's dog is lost, he wants to find his dog.
A person talks to others’s girlfriend in order to get to know PersonY’s girlfriend.
A person begins training in his new job in order to be successful.
If a person is successful at work, he will feel content.
If a person volunteers to paint, he enjoys painting as a result.
If a person becomes attractive, he is sought after by women as a result.
If a person and others visit the circus, he and PersonY are entertained as a result.
If a person greets an old colleague, he will feel friendly.
A person works for many hours in order to make money.
If a person reads a newspaper in the train, he will feel entertained.
A person takes his job more seriously in order to be a good employee.
If a person asks about others's activities, he learns about PersonY's plans as a result.
If a person has made a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
A person acquires a new car in order to have a better car.
If a person drops by others’s home, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person falls on ice, he is injured as a result.
If a person has done wrong, he will feel guilty.
If a person gets in a jam, he will feel frustrated.
If a person studies a subject, he will feel motivated.
If a person follows her routine, he will feel organized.
If a person researches a problem, he will feel productive.
If a person makes it happen again, he will feel triumphant.
A person volunteers to do the work in order to help the team.
If a person took her vitamins, he will feel healthy.
If a person starts to do a good job, he is seen as smart.
If a person gets good advice from others, he will feel enlightened.
A person starts to work in order to make money.
If a person dances a little jig, he will feel pleased.
If a person hurt himself badly, he wants to be treated.
A person begins to read a letter in order to know what the letter says.
If a person is able to move the audience, he is a successful performer as a result.
A person questions her husband in order to know the truth.
A person decides to go on another way in order to be different.
A person switches on the radio in order to listen to music.
A person decides to clean up his act in order to be a better person.
If a person is open, he will feel understood.
If a person is planning to get married, he will feel excited.
If a person gets into a brawl, he will feel angry.
If a person dresses very nice today, he will feel pretty.
If a person buys textbooks, he wants to study more.
If a person is always winning, he is confident as a result.
If a person gets the juice, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to approach others, he has a conversation with PersonY as a result.
If a person is pummeled, he will feel hurt.
If a person climbs higher, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person builds up business success, he is seen as a leader.
If a person finishes tasks, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts exercising, he will feel excited.
A person prepares for the act in order to perform well.
If a person organizes the fundraising campaign, he raises money for the charity as a result.
If a person knows how to handle things, he will feel calm.
A person eats a slice of cake in order to enjoy the taste of cake.
A person practices day in and day out in order to be good at what he does.
If a person studies hard for exams, he will feel determined.
If a person has a pleasant day, he will feel calm.
A person trains harder than normal in order to get better.
A person goes back to school in order to get a degree.
If a person enjoys being surrounded by friends, he will feel at ease.
If a person plays at party games, he has fun as a result.
If a person takes a trip to the beach, he will feel relaxed.
A person investigates the situation in order to find out the truth.
If a person complains about a smell, he wants to get rid of the smell.
If a person is courted, he wants to get married.
If a person won’t let it go, he wants to keep arguing.
If a person won a race, he is pleased as a result.
If a person feels someone’s pain, he will feel sorry.
If a person gets a wish granted, he is happy as a result.
If a person goes to a school reunion, he wants to see old friends.
If a person is injured in a battle, he is severely injured as a result.
If a person carries out her plan, he is successful as a result.
If a person lands a book contract, he will feel pleased.
If a person wakes up on a bright morning, he will feel energetic.
A person heads out with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person checks the person out in order to find out more about the person.
If a person goes for a walk on the beach, he will feel content.
If a person takes charge of the project, he gets the project done as a result.
If a person takes an interesting walk, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a wonderful day, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person has to deal with the terrible event, he will feel upset.
If a person tells himself a story, he will feel imaginative.
A person keeps traveling in order to see the world.
A person waits for friend at airport in order to be there for her friend.
If a person joins the PTA, he learns to organize as a result.
If a person fills 's needs, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person puts on a wonderful show, he is praised by the audience as a result.
If a person reflects on his past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person gets work, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a physical ailment, he wants to see a doctor.
If a person gets annoyed with someone else, he wants to get rid of the annoyance.
If a person makes her own wishes prevail, he will feel strong.
If a person takes a relaxing walk, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person learns an approach, he wants to use the approach.
If a person works on the porch, he will feel productive.
If a person buys his daughter something special, he will feel pleased.
If a person is appreciated by his friends, he is popular as a result.
If a person finally gets close to others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person tells it to everyone in order to get his point across.
If a person was hurt in an accident, he will feel pain.
A person goes to mom's house in order to see his mother.
If a person hangs around others, he becomes friends with PersonY as a result.
If a person joins a new gym, he will feel fit.
A person goes on a voyage in order to see the world.
A person stands by others in times of crisis in order to be a good friend.
If a person rises in political power, he will feel confident.
If a person proves to be an excellent guide, he earns praise from his clients as a result.
A person writes about his experience in order to tell others about his experience.
A person considers traveling in order to see the world.
If a person meets a good guy, he will feel pleased.
A person asks others to go for a walk in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person makes friends with others, he will feel happy.
A person begins to leave in order to get away from the situation.
A person tries to act normally in order to be seen as a normal person.
If a person improves himself, he will feel happy.
A person acquires new data in order to expand his knowledge.
If a person is having trouble making a decision, he will feel confused.
If a person studies more than usual, he will feel motivated.
If a person studies everything, he will feel motivated.
A person pays special attention to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is presented a solution, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is heartbroken, he will feel depressed.
A person takes part in an activity in order to be active.
A person tries to call others in order to get PersonY's attention.
If a person visits her birthplace, he learns about her heritage as a result.
If a person fears loss of freedom, he feels anxious as a result.
If a person gets to experience a simple life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes lots of money, he will feel successful.
If a person receives communion, he will feel connected.
A person goes to a protest in order to show his support for the cause.
If a person is able to get better, he will feel relieved.
If a person gets on his laptop, he will feel productive.
If a person thanks others for the show of support, he feels appreciated as a result.
If a person continues to relax, he feels good as a result.
If a person hears of a special offer, he wants to buy the item.
If a person tries to be a good wife, he is a good wife as a result.
If a person puts on his jacket, he will feel warm.
If a person is busy at work, he will feel distracted.
If a person has another nightmare, he will feel upset.
If a person enjoys his new car, he wants to drive it.
If a person decided to investigate, he wants to find out more.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he will feel scared.
If a person becomes a successful musician, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to appreciate poetry, he is inspired by poetry as a result.
If a person listens to a band, he will feel entertained.
If a person discusses the assignment, he learns more about the assignment as a result.
A person starts to respect others in order to be on good terms with PersonY.
If a person is tired of his job, he wants to find a new job.
If a person performs a job, he will feel productive.
If a person had stopped to read, he will feel entertained.
If a person comes to agreement, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person manages to solve the problem, he is seen as smart.
If a person took on a job, he will feel committed.
If a person gets a good night's sleep, he wakes up refreshed as a result.
If a person tries to rise to power, he will feel superior.
If a person changes for the better, he is happier as a result.
A person asks others to marry him in order to spend the rest of his life with PersonY.
If a person finds something to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person makes his living from a profession, he is successful as a result.
If a person looks up at the mountains, he sees the beauty of the mountains as a result.
If a person and others sleeps soundly, he will feel rested.
A person cleans the whole house in order to make the house presentable.
If a person sees another person in trouble, he will feel concerned.
If a person sees a really good concert, he is excited as a result.
If a person thinks of a better option, he wants to use the new option.
If a person arranges 's finances, he will feel organized.
A person begins to study for an exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person gets his story published, he is happy as a result.
If a person finds something that is annoying, he wants to get rid of it.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he learns something new as a result.
If a person examines the product, he learns more about the product as a result.
If a person builds on their business, he will feel confident.
If a person attended a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person has many phone calls, he is busy as a result.
If a person is not happy with his job, he will feel frustrated.
If a person follows a plan, he will feel organized.
If a person seeks ways to fix problem, he solves problem as a result.
If a person gets overcharged for something, he wants to be reimbursed.
If a person works on his hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person commits a horrible crime, he will feel guilty.
A person starts up a chat room in order to connect with other people.
If a person finishes the task, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes over the paper route, he will feel in charge.
If a person eats the hamburger, he will feel full.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he wants to have a good job.
If a person is caught in a tight situation, he will feel tense.
If a person has a successful career, he will feel happy.
If a person chooses to live in a quiet area, he has a peaceful life as a result.
If a person becomes concerned about others, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person is successful in school, he is happy as a result.
If a person is set on his life path, he will feel confident.
A person revives the ancient martial art in order to master the art.
If a person has an excellent memory, he remembers everything as a result.
If a person thinks others may go a little too far, he wants to make sure PersonY doesn't go too far.
If a person reads up on People Y's Life, he knows a lot about People Y's Life as a result.
If a person has a bad time at work, he is upset as a result.
A person plays with the children in order to spend time with the children.
If a person is an art lover, he wants to buy art.
If a person gets angry with others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
A person has a private conversation with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he becomes a good runner as a result.
If a person gets a new machine, he is happy as a result.
If a person has an interesting thought, he wants to share it.
If a person obtains employment, he will feel confident.
If a person exercises more than five times a week, he will feel healthy.
If a person goes to a church with friends, he feels more religious as a result.
If a person puts a positive twist on it, he feels better as a result.
If a person is overwhelmed by his activities, he will feel exhausted.
If a person meets a new friend, he wants to hang out with this new friend.
If a person is positive, he is a happy person as a result.
If a person doubts her feelings for others, he wants to be sure of her feelings.
If a person finds someone else creepy, he wants to avoid that person.
If a person is in a depression, he wants to feel better.
If a person has a good meeting, he will feel confident.
A person listens to you while you talk in order to hear what you have to say.
If a person has a great time, he is happy as a result.
A person puts in a lot of time in order to succeed.
A person continues his work in order to finish his work.
If a person learns the information, he will feel informed.
If a person begins to speed, he will feel in control.
A person sets off on a journey in order to be independent.
If a person rakes in the cash, he is pleased with his earnings as a result.
A person continues to meet deadlines in order to be successful.
If a person comes to grips with something, he feels better as a result.
If a person begins to look for a job, he will feel determined.
If a person finds a lovely spot, he enjoys the view as a result.
If a person just can't seem to keep his cool, he will feel frustrated.
A person stops at a bookstore in order to read a book.
If a person finds a new music player, he is happy as a result.
If a person visits Grandmother, he is glad to see Grandmother as a result.
If a person wakes up on a bright morning, he will feel cheerful.
A person sorts out some hens in order to make sure the hens are all right.
If a person and others went to the park, he and PersonY had fun as a result.
If a person is called to serve, he wants to serve the customers.
A person goes to his mom's house in order to see his mom.
If a person succeeds in his ambitions, he is happy as a result.
If a person is engaged in reading newspapers, he will feel curious.
If a person learns the game, he wants to play the game.
A person helps with recycling in order to help the environment.
If a person decides to walk to the market, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person's life is better without others, he is happier as a result.
A person chooses to move away in order to live on her own.
If a person stops fidgeting, he will feel calm.
A person continues reading in order to learn more.
If a person starts to read the book, he will feel intrigued.
If a person suffers from panic attacks, he wants to be able to control his panic attacks.
If a person is a good student, he gets good grades as a result.
A person goes out to take a walk in order to get some fresh air.
A person checks his or her financial statements in order to be sure of his or her financial situation.
A person works at a place in order to earn money.
If a person ponders how to answer a question, he wants to find the answer.
A person tries to express its opinions in order to be heard.
If a person accuses others of reading her mind, he wants to prove that PersonY is reading her mind.
If a person is injured while playing basketball, he is out of action for a while as a result.
If a person starts looking for money, he wants to find a job.
If a person mends his relationship with others, he will feel satisfied.
A person keeps driving in order to keep moving.
A person follows others to an art gallery in order to see the art.
If a person builds on their business, he makes more money as a result.
If a person performs a public service, he is thanked by the public as a result.
If a person is a self-made man, he will feel confident.
If a person achieves one's goal, he feels happy as a result.
If a person practices their skill, he becomes better at the skill as a result.
If a person stops pacing, he calms down as a result.
A person says that he is ready to move in order to start a new life.
If a person pays off his debts, he will feel satisfied.
A person spends the day at work in order to earn money.
If a person visits a cave, he wants to explore the cave.
If a person has a better life, he is happy as a result.
If a person is in the public eye, he will feel popular.
If a person is thrown a party, he will feel thrilled.
If a person made a good decision, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is involved in athletics, he will feel competitive.
If a person visits the local shrine, he wants to pray.
If a person gets his neck broken, he can’t move his head as a result.
If a person has a high standing in the government, he will feel powerful.
If a person has begun the big preparation, he will feel prepared.
If a person stops to watch the sunset, he is mesmerized by the sunset as a result.
If a person buys and drinks coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person does not like to follow the crowd, he wants to be a leader.
If a person makes good on a bet, he will feel pleased.
If a person buys her parents a gift, he will feel happy.
A person asks a number of questions in order to learn more about the situation.
If a person had a good time, he will feel happy.
If a person creates some perfume, he wants to sell the perfume.
If a person exchanges information, he will feel informed.
If a person purchases her home, he will feel happy.
If a person reads the text, he is interested in the text as a result.
If a person meets his or her needs, he is happy as a result.
A person takes others's letter in order to know what PersonY wrote.
If a person gets the job back, he will feel pleased.
If a person eats the delicious food, he will feel happy.
If a person is a strong leader, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person spends time with others's daughter, he is friends with PersonY's daughter as a result.
If a person and others tell the truth, he and PersonY are believed as a result.
If a person jogs in the morning, he gets fit as a result.
A person sneaks out of the room in order to be alone.
If a person regrets not saying anything, he wants to tell someone.
If a person's perspective changes, he becomes more aware of the world as a result.
If a person faces sudden danger, he will feel scared.
If a person is a typical teenager, he wants to do typical teenager things.
If a person and others buys a new home, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets his first pair of glasses, he can see better as a result.
A person tried to read a book in order to be educated.
If a person is a talented artist, he will feel accomplished.
A person teaches others to use a bow and arrow in order to help PersonY.
If a person wants to be able to protect himself, he learns to defend himself as a result.
If a person gets a large shipment, he will feel successful.
If a person questions what to do, he wants to make a decision.
If a person regrets saying something, he apologizes as a result.
A person is picking up others in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person confronts her tormentor in order to make the bully pay.
If a person has some good news for others, he wants to tell PersonY.
If a person eats a dinner, he will feel full.
If a person arrives at the playground, he wants to play with other kids.
A person exercises twice a day in order to be healthy.
If a person plans to run, he gets into shape as a result.
A person makes others a priority in order to make PersonY happy.
A person walks around the house in order to get some exercise.
If a person began to eat better, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does his work, he will feel motivated.
If a person sits and rests, he has a good rest as a result.
If a person persuades others to pose nude, he will feel pleased.
If a person had to explain the facts, he made his point as a result.
A person asks the tough questions in order to know the truth.
If a person and others have a romantic relationship, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person keeps track of what he spends in order to be financially responsible.
If a person spends the rest of his life with others, he will feel happy.
If a person acquires a motor vehicle, he is happy with his new car as a result.
If a person expresses appreciation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person plays games, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets a book at the bookstore, he wants to read the book.
If a person considers the differences, he will feel curious.
If a person worries about losing his money, he wants to save his money.
A person and others ask questions in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person always wins, he will feel triumphant.
If a person wants to help others, he will feel good.
A person spends a long time talking in order to have a long conversation.
If a person meets someone for a date, he is interested in the person as a result.
If a person regrets the way they left things, he wants to apologize.
A person listens in on others’s conversation in order to know what PersonY is saying.
A person is teaching others tricks in order to help PersonY.
If a person performs his duties, he is seen as reliable.
If a person goes to the water, he will feel refreshed.
A person and others grow close in order to be a part of PersonY's life.
If a person reaches an important goal, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gets used to his situation, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns a language, he is able to speak the language as a result.
If a person cooks an excellent dinner, he will feel satisfied.
A person enters a coffee shop in order to have a cup of coffee.
If a person wins on a bet, he will feel pleased.
A person asks the doctor in order to know more about his condition.
If a person starts living a better life, he will feel happier.
If a person buys something for herself, he will feel satisfied.
A person teaches others how to write in order to help PersonY.
If a person just can’t take it any more, he wants to give up.
If a person fears making a big mistake, he wants to be safe.
If a person expresses his opinion in detail, he is seen as well-informed.
If a person finds employment, he will feel content.
A person lays others down in order to make PersonY comfortable.
If a person has an excellent job, he will feel happy.
If a person breaks an ankle, he will feel in pain.
A person decides not to bother in order to avoid problems.
If a person gets a big job, he will feel happy.
A person takes others to doctors in order to help PersonY.
If a person feels a lot better, he will feel confident.
If a person has an effective strategy, he wants to use the strategy.
If a person and others are reconciled, he will feel pleased.
A person stops for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person buys a bear, he is pleased with the bear as a result.
If a person goes to see his girlfriend, he wants to spend more time with his girlfriend.
If a person takes up playing chess, he wants to play more chess.
If a person defuses a crisis at work, he will feel confident.
If a person is quite alone, he will feel lonely.
If a person is learning new skills, he wants to master them.
If a person gets in an argument, he will feel angry.
If a person is struggling with a problem, he will feel frustrated.
A person goes to work as usual in order to do his job.
If a person turns on the hot water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he learns self-defense as a result.
A person applies for an award in order to be recognized.
A person takes a good care of others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is given direction, he will feel supported.
If a person expects something to happen, he will feel worried.
If a person experiences an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person manages to calm down, he feels better as a result.
If a person decides to go back to cooking, he will feel happy.
A person attempts to be ready for exams in order to do well in exams.
If a person enjoys reading and writing, he will feel happy.
A person lets it be known that he will in order to keep his word.
If a person is listening to music, he will feel happy.
If a person starts ice skating, he gets better at skating as a result.
If a person continues to work hard, he will feel confident.
If a person has found his target, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes over the property, he will feel in control.
If a person buys supplies for home, he ’s home is better furnished as a result.
If a person doubts it, he wants to be sure.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he is happy as a result.
If a person eats a feast, he will feel happy.
If a person returns to her village, he is reunited with her family as a result.
If a person works for a charity, he raises money for charity as a result.
A person revisits his mother’s grave in order to pay his respects.
If a person buys a painting, he is pleased with the painting as a result.
A person cleans up after cooking in order to keep the kitchen clean.
A person examines the objects in order to understand the objects.
If a person moves up in the ranks, he will feel powerful.
If a person receives the requested favor from others, he will feel good.
A person notifies others in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person and others are on a trip, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person brings down the enemy, he will feel victorious.
If a person comes out of the shower, he will feel clean.
If a person gets diagnosed, he receives treatment as a result.
A person takes the children for a ride in order to spend time with the children.
If a person gets a bad result on an exam, he will feel disappointed.
If a person smells like shit, he will feel disgusting.
If a person decides to take up jogging, he gets in shape as a result.
If a person does not want to disturb others, he is quiet as a result.
If a person reads others's books, he likes PersonY's books as a result.
If a person is curious about a book, he reads the book as a result.
If a person owns a record collection, he is knowledgeable about music as a result.
If a person doesn’t feel comfortable at home, he wants to move out.
If a person does well in a job interview, he wants to get a job.
If a person decides to learn, he wants to be smarter.
A person visits others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person puts in his orders, he will feel organized.
If a person solves a murder case, he will feel triumphant.
If a person solves a puzzle, he will feel satisfied.
If a person walks away from his friends, he wants to be alone.
If a person get water, he will feel refreshed.
A person hangs around others in order to help PersonY.
If a person seems to be concerned about others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person has a brilliant idea, he will feel excited.
A person follows others from a distance in order to keep an eye on PersonY.
If a person makes a detailed plan, he will feel motivated.
If a person purchased all of his books, he will feel pleased.
If a person asked for directions, he wants to be able to find his way around.
If a person receives a big raise, he will feel happy.
A person searches the news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person is reading the textbook, he will feel interested.
A person begins to speed in order to be able to reach his destination faster.
If a person's conscience is stirred, he will feel remorseful.
If a person is given the award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person becomes overwhelmed, he will feel frustrated.
If a person drives to a great location, he is pleased with the location as a result.
If a person experiences true love, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person puts in a word for others, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
If a person learns some facts, he is knowledgeable as a result.
If a person is invited to others's house, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person leaves for the station in order to go to work.
If a person studies the task, he wants to do the task.
A person asks others about the food in order to learn about the food.
A person asks to be taken home in order to be with his family.
If a person gets back in shape, he will feel motivated.
A person goes to Mom's house in order to see his mother.
If a person enjoys the song, he wants to hear the song again.
If a person is practicing piano, he learns to play the piano as a result.
A person talks to others in the afternoon in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person joined the army, he will feel patriotic.
If a person does his work, he will feel productive.
If a person and others stay together for many years, he and PersonY have a happy marriage as a result.
If a person completes a mission, he will feel victorious.
If a person makes a good decision, he will feel happy.
If a person has been taken seriously, he will feel appreciated.
If a person returns to his hometown, he wants to see his family.
If a person starts her homework, he will feel motivated.
If a person is excited about his new car, he wants to drive the car.
If a person is accustomed to finding things for herself, he is the one who does the shopping as a result.
If a person is told something unsettling, he will feel shocked.
If a person buys her own camera, he will feel independent.
If a person becomes interested in medicine, he studies medicine as a result.
If a person realizes he has done wrong, he wants to make amends.
If a person preaches on Sunday, he will feel passionate.
If a person has a good relationship, he will feel satisfied.
If a person spends a pleasant day with others, he is happy as a result.
If a person watches old films, he learns to appreciate old films as a result.
A person offers to let me visit in order to spend time with me.
A person attends a therapy session in order to feel better.
A person desires to get married in order to have a family.
If a person gets into difficulties, he will feel upset.
If a person accidentally stumbles into a dangerous situation, he is hurt as a result.
If a person gets a pat on the back, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person makes some friends, he will feel good.
If a person believes a prediction, he wants to see the prediction come true.
If a person starts a hobby, he wants to do more of that hobby.
If a person and others begin to make a life together, he will feel happy.
If a person notices that others is missing, he goes to look for PersonY as a result.
If a person watches sport on television, he will feel interested.
If a person and others go on a double date, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person makes a big sale, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets a new friend, he becomes friends with the new friend as a result.
If a person has a wonderful vacation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person plays with the kitties, he has a good time as a result.
A person sends in a resume in order to get a job.
A person decides to exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person cooks others a nice meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person is annoyed with person Y, he wants to get back at person Y.
A person puts on new clothes in order to look good.
If a person joins a party, he will feel happy.
If a person owes a debt, he will feel guilty.
If a person makes adjustments to a table, he improves his table as a result.
If a person is extremely well prepared, he will feel competent.
If a person gets on a big stage, he gets lots of attention as a result.
A person looks it up on a website in order to know more about a certain topic.
If a person beats others at her own game, he will feel confident.
If a person goes to a show with others, he will feel entertained.
If a person goes through a rough time, he will feel sad.
A person leads a separate life in order to be independent.
If a person talks with great knowledge, he will feel smart.
A person starts a new project in order to get things done.
If a person wins others's trust, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies a timetable, he wants to memorize the timetable.
If a person learns to resist, he will feel brave.
If a person and others seek help, he wants to get better and PersonY wants to get better.
If a person asks questions of others, he will feel interested.
If a person enters the club, he wants to get a drink.
If a person finally finds a solution, he will feel triumphant.
A person resigns from his work in order to pursue his own goals.
If a person joins an exercise class, he wants to exercise more.
If a person go for a walk in the woods, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a big fight, he gets angry as a result.
If a person completes an order, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes some jewelry, he sells her jewelry as a result.
If a person finds out about others's secrets, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
A person studies the contents of a folder in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person is out with friends, he is having fun as a result.
If a person has a picnic on the lawn, he will feel content.
If a person gets others to tell him something, he learns something as a result.
If a person begins a series of conversations, he will feel interested.
If a person does whatever he or she is told, he will feel obedient.
If a person is rewarded for kindness, he will feel appreciated.
If a person is fuming, he wants to explode.
A person carries out the instructions in order to get the job done.
If a person goes to music camp, he wants to play music.
If a person becomes others’s friend, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person does the responsible thing, he will feel good.
A person begins her new job in order to start a new career.
A person helps himself to food in order to be able to eat when he is hungry.
If a person has a reputation for philanthropy, he is well liked as a result.
A person tries to appease others in order to be liked by PersonY.
If a person regrets their appearance, he wants to change their appearance.
If a person trains in martial arts, he wants to be a fighter.
If a person plans a family outing, he has a fun time with his family as a result.
If a person ends up liking the experience, he wants to go again.
If a person has an obligation, he wants to fulfill his obligation.
If a person worries about homework, he wants to get good grades.
If a person makes the correct decision, he will feel confident.
A person calls the health service in order to get a check up.
If a person finds what he was looking for, he will feel pleased.
A person works on a time table in order to finish his work on time.
A person starts to work in order to be productive.
If a person gets out of a bad situation, he feels better as a result.
If a person comes to the phone, he wants to talk to someone.
A person studies for school in order to get good grades.
If a person gave a wonderful dinner party, he will feel pleased.
A person trains others in a combat sport in order to make PersonY a better fighter.
If a person received many promotions, he is a successful manager as a result.
If a person becomes aware of something strange, he decides to investigate as a result.
If a person gets everything, he will feel satisfied.
A person sighs and comforts personY in order to be there for personY.
If a person is going to relax for a few minutes, he will feel content.
If a person grows as a person, he is a better person as a result.
If a person works things out, he will feel satisfied.
If a person studies for his exam, he will feel focused.
A person visits the father's grave in order to honor his father.
If a person studies the reading material, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person investigates a school shooting in order to find out what happened.
A person mows the lawn in order to keep the lawn clean.
If a person prepares a feast, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to fight others in order to defend himself.
If a person is a good mentor, he is liked by his students as a result.
If a person considers that theory, he will feel interested.
If a person gets close to his family, he is happy as a result.
If a person gains ground, he will feel confident.
If a person realizes his dream, he will feel successful.
If a person disagrees with the choice, he wants to make a different choice.
If a person takes a quick nap, he will feel refreshed.
If a person buys the perfect birthday gift, he will feel happy.
If a person dresses up for a party, he will feel happy.
A person packs up his bags in order to leave.
If a person spends some time on the couch, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finally passes his exam, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets his revenge, he will feel happy.
If a person reads newspaper, he will feel informed.
A person has always been honest in order to be trustworthy.
If a person draws and talks to others, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to join the party, he will feel excited.
If a person stops to smell the roses, he is impressed by the flowers as a result.
If a person becomes aware of others's point of view, he understands PersonY's feelings as a result.
If a person reads his Bible, he wants to pray.
If a person learns to be diplomatic, he will feel intelligent.
If a person admires the painting, he will feel inspired.
If a person goes clothes shopping, he buys a new outfit as a result.
If a person visits the seaside, he enjoys the beach as a result.
If a person reads in library, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person makes a personal phone call in order to talk to someone.
If a person is winning the battle, he will feel powerful.
A person learns to treat others right in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person hears a leak in the house, he wants to fix the leak.
A person tells the truth about a mistake in order to be honest.
If a person complains to friends, he will feel angry.
A person studies the diagram in order to understand the problem.
If a person discovers the fire, he wants to put it out.
If a person sits down for a break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a very big day, he is very happy as a result.
A person continues to go fishing in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person engages in amateur sport, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person is harassed by a police officer, he will feel frightened.
If a person comes up with an alternative, he wants to change the situation.
If a person started hanging out with others, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
A person leaves one's job in order to be independent.
If a person finds something good to eat, he is full as a result.
If a person puts an end to it, he will feel relieved.
If a person makes a good presentation, he will feel proud.
If a person likes to meditate, he will feel calm.
If a person reads an exciting book, he will feel amazed.
If a person is confused about it, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person defeats others in a chess game, he is seen as a good chess player.
If a person regrets his past mistakes, he wants to make better decisions.
If a person explores alternatives, he wants to try new things.
If a person has plans for the future, he will feel confident.
A person types on the keyboard in order to be productive.
If a person takes the new job, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts studying about nuclear fusion, he will feel motivated.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets his life back on track, he is happy as a result.
A person tries to call the police in order to get help.
A person studies to get a degree in order to be successful.
A person pays for others's wedding in order to support PersonY.
A person questions someone in order to know more about a subject.
If a person works for a solution, he will feel dedicated.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he wants to get away.
A person writes in words in order to be a writer.
A person looks at others’s paintings in order to see what PersonY is working on.
If a person decides to do homework, he will feel motivated.
A person calls all his old friends in order to catch up with his old friends.
If a person gets his things together, he is ready to leave as a result.
A person defers decision to others in order to give PersonY the opportunity to make the decision.
If a person decides to make good, he succeeds in business as a result.
A person consults others's dad in order to get advice from PersonY's dad.
A person finds a way to meet others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person finds out a problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person goes to the art gallery, he will feel intrigued.
If a person studies how to play an instrument, he will feel motivated.
If a person buys himself a new car, he will feel happy.
A person trains his servant well in order to make his servant happy.
A person convinces others to look in order PersonY to find something.
A person gets a chance to practice what he has learned in order to improve his skills.
A person has been cooking for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds the perfect apartment, he is happy as a result.
If a person opens a document, he is able to read as a result.
If a person notices a big problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person regrets an act, he wants to not do it again.
If a person enjoys making plans, he wants to plan more.
If a person appreciates all the work others does, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person ends up marrying, he is happy as a result.
A person researched others's genealogy in order to find out more about PersonY.
If a person checks out others’s background, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
A person calls others at the office in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person spends some time working on the car, he gets his car fixed as a result.
If a person keeps his room clean, he will feel neat.
If a person realizes his horrible mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person wins a major prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person devotes his life to God, he will feel happy.
If a person feels uncertainty, he wants to feel certain.
If a person goes to bar, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person finds something good on TV, he will feel satisfied.
If a person turns over new leaf, he is a better person as a result.
If a person prepares to carry on with her life, he will feel strong.
A person spends some time working on the car in order to finish the car.
A person resists distraction in order to focus on his work.
If a person gives up and walks away, he will feel defeated.
If a person's mother gives him a hand, he will feel supported.
If a person starts to settle down, he will feel content.
If a person beats their brother, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sees an article, he wants to read the article.
A person continues to push forward in order to achieve her goal.
If a person gets along well with others, he will feel happy.
If a person grows in self-confidence, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes a break, he will feel rested.
A person writes a message in order to communicate with others.
If a person looks up information, he wants to learn more.
If a person eventually succeeds, he will feel accomplished.
A person tries to understand the world in order to be informed.
A person trains his servant well in order to be able to take care of his servant.
If a person follows rules, he will feel obedient.
If a person finishes building, he will feel accomplished.
A person contributes to a common good in order to be a good citizen.
If a person worries that others is unreliable, he wants to make sure PersonY is reliable.
If a person has been alone for too long, he wants to be with other people.
If a person starts to rise, he gets promoted as a result.
If a person is given a promotion, he will feel confident.
If a person examines the jar, he wants to know what's in the jar.
A person plays by the book in order to be fair.
If a person agrees to start a group, he has a group of friends as a result.
If a person looks up things online, he gets more knowledge as a result.
A person leaves on her own in order to be independent.
If a person gets an opportunity, he is promoted as a result.
If a person carries on a long discussion, he will feel engaged.
If a person constantly looks for clues, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person takes on the task, he wants to get it done.
If a person doesn't really want to hurt others, he does not hurt PersonY as a result.
If a person is cut by a knife, he is bleeding as a result.
A person looks after the kids in order to help his family.
If a person loses something that is important to , he will feel upset.
If a person watches a comedy on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person stops at a bookstore, he wants to read a book.
If a person takes on a new project, he will feel challenged.
If a person is enjoying a coffee with others, he will feel content.
If a person becomes a successful screenwriter, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sees something unusual, he investigates as a result.
If a person finds a new partner, he will feel happy.
If a person does his chores, he will feel motivated.
If a person finally cooks a meal, he will feel pleased.
A person gives others a positive image in order to improve PersonY's self-esteem.
If a person trains for 4 hours, he gets fit as a result.
If a person says hello to someone, he will feel friendly.
If a person walks for exercise, he will feel energized.
If a person has an excellent time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds to the throne, he will feel triumphant.
A person takes others for a stroll in order to be with PersonY.
If a person is a fast learner, he does well in school as a result.
If a person belongs to a church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person thinks about life and concludes that it is good, he will feel happy.
If a person finds somebody to share a beer with, he is happy as a result.
If a person is disappointed in her boss, he will feel angry.
A person sticks with his plan in order to finish his plan.
If a person researched others's genealogy, he wants to find out more about PersonY's family.
A person builds them a house in order to make a family home.
If a person reads an unusual book, he learns something new as a result.
A person calls off a war in order to keep peace.
If a person keeps busy helping others, he will feel helpful.
If a person is uncomfortable in others’s car, he wants to get out of the car.
A person cleans the living room in order to be tidy.
If a person starts to pray, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets a lot of paper work done, he will feel productive.
If a person receives flowers from a friend, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others enjoy the same experience, he will feel happy.
If a person makes amends, he will feel pleased.
If a person reads through the Bible, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person avoids a political discussion in order to avoid conflict.
If a person lands a contract, he is pleased as a result.
A person tries to find out about others's background in order to understand PersonY better.
If a person persuades others to spend time with her, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to begin martial arts training, he will feel excited.
If a person starts going to others's church, he starts to have faith as a result.
If a person meets a nice stranger, he is pleased by the stranger as a result.
If a person eats her meal, he will feel full.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he wants to make amends.
A person goes out with someone in order to be in a relationship.
If a person changes his ways, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person goes on a playdate, he will feel fun.
If a person beats others in a contest, he will feel superior.
If a person gets in touch with her emotions, he will feel relaxed.
If a person watches a show, he will feel entertained.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he will feel energetic.
If a person goes for a walk in the park, he will feel relaxed.
A person digs deep in order to find the truth.
If a person is determined to survive, he survives as a result.
If a person enjoys the dancing, he will feel content.
A person buys a new guitar in order to play the guitar.
If a person wins three fights, he will feel triumphant.
If a person and others hang out in a garage, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person finally moves on in order to start a new life.
If a person is a peacemaker, he gets along with everyone as a result.
A person is in motion in order to do something.
If a person's family comes to see him, he will feel cared for.
If a person grieves for hours, he is depressed as a result.
If a person goes to bars with friends, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person notices that the walls have started to go crazy, he wants to fix the walls.
If a person and others share the same philosophy, he will feel like a team.
If a person says "yes" to opportunity, he will feel pleased.
If a person is working hard on the problem, he will feel challenged.
If a person has anxiety, he wants to calm down.
If a person participates in a protest march, he will feel passionate.
If a person acts as a part of society, he is a good citizen as a result.
If a person listens to someone’s problems, he is helpful as a result.
If a person sees a doctor about an illness, he wants to get better.
If a person looks up information, he wants to find out more.
If a person is having a hard time, he wants to feel better.
If a person gives it a closer look, he will feel intrigued.
If a person becomes more peaceful, he will feel happy.
If a person starts feeling cold, he wants to get warm.
If a person wins a political argument, he will feel satisfied.
If a person plans his day, he will feel in control.
If a person thinks of something he wants to do, he will feel excited.
If a person questions her sister, he learns more about her sister as a result.
If a person makes a few friends, he will feel comfortable.
If a person has a very bad hangover, he will feel awful.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he will feel free.
If a person receives a cold, he wants to feel better.
A person has done research in order to know the truth.
If a person looks to the past, he will feel nostalgic.
A person rubs against others in order to feel the pleasure of touching PersonY.
If a person learns about patience, he becomes more patient as a result.
If a person begins a crossword puzzle, he will feel focused.
If a person learns to play golf, he wants to play more golf.
A person greets others with warmth in order to be nice to PersonY.
A person decides to move away in order to be independent.
A person makes the first move in order to be in control.
If a person is reunited with his wife, he will feel happy.
A person has a little chat with the waiter in order to ask the waiter a question.
If a person finds a solid explanation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets the right idea, he will feel happy.
If a person explains the events, he is seen as truthful.
If a person overcomes evil, he will feel triumphant.
If a person says a prayer, he will feel peaceful.
A person arranges for a get-together in order to be social.
If a person trains for a run, he will feel energized.
If a person makes an achievement, he will feel proud.
If a person chooses to study Chinese, he learns to speak Chinese as a result.
A person puts the sheets in the dryer in order to get the laundry done.
If a person worries about his presentation, he wants to practice his presentation.
If a person is very good at her job, he will feel accomplished.
A person places calls to the post office in order to get the mail.
If a person is professional, he will feel confident.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he wants to do more of that hobby.
If a person waits for others in the rain, he gets wet as a result.
If a person starts the relationship off right, he will feel happy.
A person takes on a new mission in order to make a difference.
If a person finds out the store will open early, he wants to go to the store.
If a person reaches out to the living, he gets more social as a result.
If a person tells others a funny story, he will feel amused.
If a person applies to school, he will feel hopeful.
If a person learns to spell, he wants to spell better.
If a person is touched by the kindness of others, he feels happy as a result.
A person puts on a party for her mom in order to make her mom happy.
If a person takes the day off, he will feel free.
If a person appreciates others's gesture, he wants to thank PersonY.
If a person has a peaceful life, he will feel happy.
If a person gains a new skill, he wants to practice the skill.
If a person is concerned about the poor, he wants to help the poor.
If a person learns to handle others, he will feel in control.
If a person has a break-through insight, he solves a problem as a result.
If a person realizes others is up to something, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to.
If a person argues with person Y, he is angry with person Y as a result.
If a person is taken care of, he will feel secure.
If a person would bring others to dinner, he would get to know PersonY as a result.
If a person acts as his or her own boss, he will feel empowered.
If a person purchases a new computer, he is happy with his new computer as a result.
If a person is tired of work, he wants to quit his job.
A person starts walking toward others in order to meet PersonY.
A person talks to everybody in order to keep in touch with everybody.
If a person gains a new job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a scenic ride, he will feel content.
If a person gets a nice gift, he will feel grateful.
A person consults an attorney in order to get a legal opinion.
If a person runs toward others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person enjoys an evening meal, he is full as a result.
A person takes a piano lesson in order to improve her skills.
If a person has a family emergency, he wants to be with his family.
If a person finds a place to sit, he is comfortable as a result.
If a person sets goals, he will feel determined.
If a person slips into an old dress, he will feel comfortable.
If a person, on his own, enjoys something, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others are both working, he will feel busy.
If a person smiles all the time, he will feel content.
If a person has made a claim, he wants to be compensated.
A person sells some stuff in order to earn some money.
If a person prepares a special party, he will feel happy.
If a person observes news, he will feel informed.
If a person deals with a bad situation, he gets over it as a result.
If a person stands up for self, he gains self-confidence as a result.
If a person places an order for an iPad, he will feel pleased.
If a person agrees to settle, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets fixed, he will feel better.
If a person goes to the local gym, he gets fit as a result.
If a person improves skills at chess, he will feel pleased.
A person allows others to act out in order to give PersonY a chance to express himself.
If a person is tired of the old routine, he wants to try something new.
If a person is unsure of the answer, he will feel confused.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he wants to read more.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he is happy as a result.
If a person discovers a challenge, he wants to solve the challenge.
A person keeps the rules in order to maintain order.
If a person and others go to a park, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person seems to enjoy it, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person recognizes the beauty of the sunrise, he wants to watch the sunrise.
If a person goes where he wants to go, he will feel in control.
If a person gets used to his situation, he will feel satisfied.
A person buys the art supplies in order to create art.
A person goes to gym class in order to be healthy.
If a person notices that the front door is open, he wants to close the door.
If a person changes the way he uses it, he is able to use it more efficiently as a result.
A person attends to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person welcomes others's company, he will feel content.
If a person prepares to put things in order, he will feel determined.
If a person dresses up for an evening out, he will feel sexy.
If a person regrets an impulsive action, he wants to think before acting.
If a person has trouble making decisions, he will feel confused.
A person goes back to school in order to finish school.
If a person goes away on a holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person's reputation goes up, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person suffers from cold feet, he wants to warm up.
If a person doesn't want to lose time, he wants to get more done.
If a person finds it suspicious, he wants to know what's going on.
A person calls the number in order to talk to the person.
A person cleans the apartment in order to make the apartment look nice.
If a person values learning, he will feel inspired.
If a person buys a fancy gift, he will feel satisfied.
If a person fears a visit from her mother, he will feel tense.
If a person studies her problem, he will feel interested.
If a person is aware of others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person takes medication, he feels better as a result.
A person listens to what is said in order to understand the conversation.
If a person notices someone's absence, he wants to know who's missing.
If a person makes a list of priorities, he wants to finish the list.
A person tells others his true feelings in order to be honest.
If a person sets off to travel the world, he will feel inspired.
If a person exercises at the gym, he wants to be fit.
If a person is kind to others, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person gives others a good report, he will feel pleased.
If a person is concerned about others's troubles, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person dresses in fashionable clothes, he will feel pleased.
A person looks inside himself in order to know himself better.
If a person is sick for three days, he will feel miserable.
If a person eats food, he will feel full.
A person sews up a hole in order to make sure the hole is fixed.
A person addresses others's problems in order to help PersonY.
If a person sells the product, he will feel successful.
A person went to the party in order to have fun.
If a person completes a given task, he will feel happy.
If a person starts a good company, he will feel successful.
A person exercises self-control in order to be in control of his life.
If a person dresses up for the big day, he will feel excited.
If a person lives an honest life, he will feel free.
If a person has a hobby, he wants to pursue his hobby.
If a person sets aside her anger, he calms down as a result.
If a person studies about famous history, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person wants to get to know others, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person carries on a conversation, he will feel interested.
If a person gets a new piece of equipment, he will feel happy.
If a person gets some bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person starts to dance, he will feel energetic.
If a person wonders what he'll do, he will feel worried.
A person tries to use force in order to be in control.
A person considers others’s view in order to understand PersonY.
If a person looks for a different job, he wants to get a better job.
A person tends to others's dreams in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person checks out her old school, he remembers her school days as a result.
If a person learns to live on her own, he will feel liberated.
If a person makes an example, he is respected by his peers as a result.
A person discusses with others what has happened in order to understand what has happened.
If a person worries about grades, he wants to do better in school.
A person practices music in order to be a better musician.
If a person explains more details, he is understood as a result.
A person searches for the information in order to know the truth.
If a person purchased a gift for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to run for political office, he wants to win.
If a person wins the football game, he will feel pleased.
If a person knows there is trouble, he will feel concerned.
If a person manages to win, he will feel triumphant.
If a person practices the ancient art, he will feel motivated.
If a person overhears conversation, he wants to know what is being said.
If a person teaches others self-defense, he teaches PersonY to be more confident as a result.
A person wants to speak to others in order to ask PersonY a question.
If a person is confused by others's failure to understand, he wants to understand.
If a person likes it when others smiles, he wants to see PersonY smile more.
If a person learns another language, he becomes fluent in a new language as a result.
If a person struggles with a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person buys a new bicycle, he will feel happy.
If a person reaches the top, he will feel accomplished.
If a person meets person from Thailand, he gets to know the person as a result.
If a person calls a doctor, he gets a checkup as a result.
If a person indulges in a dangerous sport, he gets injured as a result.
If a person becomes infuriated, he wants to calm down.
If a person zips up his coat, he will feel comfortable.
A person tells his suspicions to others in order to be open with PersonY.
If a person has fun at the party, he will feel content.
A person has a brief rest in order to be refreshed.
If a person drinks too much alcohol, he will feel drunk.
If a person feels bad about hurting others, he apologizes to PersonY as a result.
If a person forms a close relationship, he feels happy as a result.
If a person enjoys a day off, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has been drinking, he will feel drunk.
A person becomes involved in a protest in order to make a difference.
If a person prepares a full meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finally gets what he wants, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person dresses for a party, he will feel sexy.
If a person takes a warm bath, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person wins the big prize, he is happy as a result.
If a person stops to see what is happening, he will feel interested.
If a person watches an interesting soap opera, he will feel entertained.
If a person begins to accept her father, he will feel comforted.
If a person always arrives on time, he will feel reliable.
If a person digs for the truth, he will feel determined.
A person follows a group of people in order to find out what they are doing.
If a person is irate with others, he wants to fight PersonY.
If a person is haunted by his past, he will feel depressed.
A person asks question to experts in order to know more about the topic.
If a person watches his favorite TV show, he will feel content.
A person exercises more than five times a week in order to stay healthy.
A person tests the computer game in order to learn how to play the game.
If a person gets complimented, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person assumes a chair position, he will feel comfortable.
If a person had a good job, he will feel confident.
If a person really gets rolling, he will feel good.
If a person tries a new kind of car, he will feel interested.
If a person is incredibly stressed, he will feel frustrated.
If a person finds something pleasing, he wants to keep it.
If a person finds a new hobby, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person takes the lead, he will feel confident.
If a person has made a mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person regrets neglecting others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person practices the delivery in order to be a good delivery person.
If a person questions his feelings, he decides to pursue his feelings as a result.
A person thinks about it some more in order to know more about the situation.
A person asks the tough questions in order to get to the truth.
If a person says others is breaking the rules, he wants to stop PersonY from breaking the rules.
If a person goes to a medical convention, he learns about medical procedures as a result.
If a person goes on to better things, he will feel confident.
A person washed her hands in order to be clean.
If a person buys a new computer, he is happy with his new computer as a result.
If a person hears great news, he will feel proud.
A person arrives at the gym in order to start working out.
If a person comes from a long line of the learned, he is an intellectual as a result.
If a person follows others's eyes, he wants to see what PersonY is looking at.
If a person fixes the situation, he will feel good.
A person posts a message to the net in order to communicate with other people.
A person looks over the facts in order to understand the situation.
If a person examines the stars, he will feel interested.
If a person offers others a decent wage, he will feel good.
If a person gets that new job, he will feel pleased.
If a person ensures success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has learned to communicate, he wants to talk to people.
If a person takes up Martial Arts, he gets fit as a result.
If a person undergoes a therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person has a leaky roof, he wants to fix the leak.
If a person considers the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person continues to remain composed, he does not make a fool of himself as a result.
If a person falls into confusion, he wants to understand.
If a person is swayed by others's words, he wants to believe PersonY.
If a person corrects a mistake, he will feel pleased.
If a person considers his moral responsibility, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person brings things to a finish, he will feel successful.
If a person and others play games, he will feel playful.
If a person keeps trying to change, he wants to be a better person.
If a person puts on a new suit, he will feel smart.
A person organizes the answers in order to get the right answers.
If a person organizes a walk-a-thon, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person decides not to lose their temper, he is calm as a result.
A person looks for her relatives in order to be reunited with her family.
If a person discovers others’s flaws, he wants to fix PersonY.
A person does something special for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person chooses the perfect birthday gift, he will feel happy.
If a person rethinks others's needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person has a lovely view, he will feel content.
If a person loves art, he wants to paint.
A person visits the farmer in order to know more about the farmer.
If a person leads a quality life, he is happy as a result.
If a person feels a sudden chill, he wants to get warm.
If a person reconciles with her mother, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets on the news, he will feel famous.
If a person stands up to an enemy, he will feel powerful.
A person read the note in order to find out what the note says.
If a person is learning to dance, he gets better at dancing as a result.
If a person learns some facts, he will feel enlightened.
If a person completes a mission, he will feel accomplished.
If a person visits an exhibition, he will feel interested.
If a person is having a bad day, he will feel anxious.
If a person learns how to sew, he will feel creative.
A person studies a table of facts in order to memorize information.
A person studies English for one hour in order to be better at English.
A person doesn't want to bother others in order to respect PersonY's privacy.
If a person goes to Church, he will feel holy.
A person goes into the gym in order to be fit.
A person submits his application in order to be accepted.
If a person starts to get better, he will feel relieved.
If a person lives well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has just slept, he will feel rested.
A person thinks about how he should start again in order to make a fresh start.
If a person does another job, he will feel productive.
If a person cannot endure his trouble, he wants to get away.
If a person solves a business problem, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets an interesting offer, he is excited as a result.
If a person confronts others with an accusation, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person plans for the next day, he will feel motivated.
A person discusses with personY in order to talk to personY.
If a person wins the pool, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a well-paying job, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to spend time with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wants to be smarter, he wants to go to school.
A person confides in her therapist in order to be more open with her therapist.
If a person's memory is extraordinary, he remembers a lot of things as a result.
If a person buys a painting, he will feel delighted.
If a person gets a lot of swag, he will feel cool.
If a person learns from her mistake, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person mends fences, he will feel good.
If a person cuddles into others's arms, he is comforted by PersonY as a result.
If a person relates what happened, he is seen as truthful.
A person offers his help in order to help others.
If a person has heard of it, he is interested as a result.
If a person is unhappy with the result, he wants to do something about it.
If a person gets a great new job, he will feel happy.
If a person kisses and hugs others, he will feel happy.
If a person visits the feed store, he buys feed as a result.
If a person volunteers for an assignment, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person is given a good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts to meditate, he calms down as a result.
A person organizes an event in order to make the event successful.
If a person and others start fighting, he is mad at PersonY as a result.
A person works hard at school in order to be a good student.
If a person thinks about it for a minute, he will feel unsure.
If a person knows how to choose clothes, he gets dressed properly as a result.
If a person lets go of hate, he will feel calm.
If a person and others rekindle their relationship, he will feel content.
If a person starts asking questions, he wants to learn more.
If a person gets accepted to college, he wants to study more.
A person administers a number of different treatments in order to treat a number of different patients.
If a person calls others for information, he will feel interested.
If a person visits others at the nursing home, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person plays one of others's favorite games, he will feel entertained.
If a person enjoys a good view, he will feel content.
A person eventually stands up in order to be independent.
If a person visits a local museum, he will feel entertained.
If a person settles on the chair, he will feel at ease.
If a person vows to fight, he will feel strong.
If a person is injured on the job, he is treated at the hospital as a result.
If a person works on it, he will feel determined.
If a person's kids go to school, he 's kids learn to read as a result.
If a person joins an amateur dramatic group, he will feel creative.
If a person and others make amends, he will feel happy.
If a person was under a deadline, he will feel stressed.
If a person remains in power, he will feel confident.
If a person does something nice for others, he will feel good.
If a person meets deadlines, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes personY on a trip in order to spend time with personY.
A person helps others with the practice in order to help PersonY.
If a person accepts others’s marriage proposal, he will feel happy.
If a person has learned to communicate, he has improved his skills as a result.
If a person hears a mysterious noise, he wants to investigate.
A person returns to the office in order to be productive.
If a person does right by others, he will feel good.
If a person is given a reward, he will feel happy.
If a person worries about his school work, he wants to do better.
A person works as a volunteer at the school in order to help the school.
If a person takes the hot water bath, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is unhappy with her life, he will feel depressed.
A person works out in the backyard in order to get in shape.
If a person handles things well, he will feel strong.
If a person is invited to a college reunion, he wants to see old friends.
If a person and others plan a party, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person gets a favour, he will feel pleased.
If a person eats his supper, he will feel full.
A person continues playing piano in order to be a musician.
A person helps with the business in order to be a part of the business.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he will feel confident.
A person asks others to remain after class in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person resolves a misunderstanding, he will feel content.
If a person investigates the murder, he wants to solve the case.
If a person takes great interest in what others is doing, he wants to do what PersonY is doing.
If a person stops and considers, he will feel curious.
A person starts his own company in order to be independent.
If a person selects the best alternative, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts therapy in order to be better.
If a person doesn’t feel okay, he wants to feel better.
A person starts running a business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person has a lot of energy, he is very active as a result.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he decides to apologize as a result.
If a person considers others' feelings, he will feel concerned.
If a person experiences freedom, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets tired of reminiscing, he wants to move on.
If a person is an effective teacher, he will feel satisfied.
If a person doesn't like the new teacher, he wants to get a new teacher.
If a person visits his native country, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person tells others that others has done well, he wants to be proud of PersonY.
A person looks in the box in order to find out what is in the box.
If a person reconciles with Courtney, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a positive result, he will feel relieved.
If a person reads about an adventure, he will feel intrigued.
A person practices dance in order to be a better dancer.
If a person gets on the move, he will feel refreshed.
If a person reads the newspapers, he learns about the news as a result.
A person looks up the library in order to learn more about the library.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he will feel good.
If a person doesn't accept it, he gets upset as a result.
If a person gets involved in something, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person is going on a date, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets rid of others's girlfriend, he will feel victorious.
If a person takes the kids out for a ride, he has fun with the kids as a result.
If a person likes to go for walks, he will feel content.
If a person suffers from depression, he wants to feel better.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he will feel accomplished.
A person goes to a hospital in order to be healed.
If a person is good at her job, he will feel satisfied.
A person calls others in a few days in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person is very upset about the murder, he wants to solve the murder.
If a person studies a table of facts, he wants to memorize them.
If a person finally got into the swing of things, he will feel content.
If a person encourages others's ambitions, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
A person arranges an interview for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person finds a place to eat, he will feel satisfied.
A person signs up for a cooking class in order to learn new skills.
A person worries about his school work in order to be prepared for his exams.
A person tries to pray in order to be close to God.
If a person studies for tests, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes over responsibility, he will feel empowered.
If a person learns new cultures, he is more cultured as a result.
If a person takes up skating, he wants to skate more.
A person tries to work in order to be successful.
If a person decides to do something nice for others, he will feel happy.
If a person is motivated by her children, he wants to be a good mother.
If a person attends the opera, he will feel entertained.
If a person meets with others, he will feel connected.
If a person will enjoy others's gifts, he will feel content.
If a person enters into the competition, he wants to win.
A person attends class in order to be educated.
If a person begins some paintings, he will feel inspired.
If a person tries to read, he reads a book as a result.
If a person begins to get ahead, he wants to be more successful.
If a person has a romantic relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person shares a toast with friends, he will feel pleased.
If a person is done a favor, he will feel thankful.
If a person gets some very good news, he will feel excited.
A person speaks at a public gathering in order to share his ideas.
If a person goes to sleep early, he sleeps well as a result.
A person greets others in order to be friendly.
If a person and others attend school, he and PersonY learn as a result.
A person sends out the message in order to inform people.
If a person changes for the better, he will feel happy.
If a person stands for the job, he will feel confident.
If a person performs a science experiment, he wants to test the results.
If a person has trouble in making ends meet, he will feel worried.
If a person takes part in something, he learns something as a result.
A person has an intimate dinner in order to have a romantic evening.
A person helps others to cry in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person feels more at ease, he will feel content.
If a person joins another organization, he wants to be a part of a bigger group.
If a person looks up her mom, he learns more about her mom as a result.
If a person hears some music, he will feel entertained.
If a person chooses the music, he is pleased with the music as a result.
A person decides to speak up in order to make a difference.
If a person eats some delicious dessert, he will feel happy.
If a person gets accustomed to doing things, he becomes independent as a result.
If a person showers and gets dressed, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has finally made their dream come true, he will feel excited.
If a person does not like the painting, he wants to change the painting.
A person helps train a dog in order to learn about the dog.
A person puts on a clean shirt in order to look good.
If a person works late at night, he gets home late as a result.
If a person completes the job, he is seen as competent.
If a person gets involved in a concert, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person wakes up and prepares for school, he will feel motivated.
If a person talks about his ideals, he will feel passionate.
If a person works on it, he is seen as diligent.
If a person tries to collect all the books, he has a lot of books as a result.
If a person gets a second job, he earns more money as a result.
If a person get up early, he will feel energetic.
If a person finally finds work, he will feel happy.
If a person makes her own decisions, he will feel free.
If a person confesses an error, he wants to correct the error.
A person always kept to himself in order to be alone.
If a person lands a job, he is happy as a result.
A person practices a language in order to improve his fluency.
If a person has completed his studies, he will feel accomplished.
If a person considers the environment, he wants to be environmentally friendly.
A person invites others to their home in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person talks with others's parents, he learns about PersonY's parents as a result.
If a person is productive, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes others into the store in order to show PersonY the store.
A person goes off on his own in order to explore his own path.
If a person learns to put on disguises, he is seen as resourceful.
A person is going to church in order to have a spiritual experience.
If a person attempts to overcome resistance, he wants to succeed.
If a person notices others's new hairstyle, he admires PersonY's new look as a result.
If a person finds the right way, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes his bath, he will feel refreshed.
If a person selects a program, he is satisfied with the program as a result.
If a person thinks about a better future, he will feel hopeful.
If a person sings again, he will feel content.
If a person tends to a garden, he grows vegetables as a result.
If a person learns something about his past, he wants to learn more about his past.
If a person decides to have a shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is about to be promoted, he wants to get a raise.
If a person settles his scores, he will feel satisfied.
If a person plays at a party, he will feel entertained.
A person touches the body in order to investigate the body.
If a person carves wood, he is an accomplished carver as a result.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he feels happy as a result.
A person gets to the baby in order to help the baby.
A person calls others by phone in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person cooks a special dish, he will feel satisfied.
If a person overcomes fear, he will feel confident.
A person contacts others's family in order to help PersonY's family.
If a person makes the play, he will feel satisfied.
If a person establishes a scholarship, he wants to help others.
If a person devotes her time to God, he will feel at peace.
If a person has a successful marriage, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is terribly upset, he will feel miserable.
If a person loves to work, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person talks with great knowledge, he will feel wise.
If a person has a winning streak, he will feel pleased.
A person sends messages to and fro in order to keep in touch with the outside world.
A person organizes a group outing in order to spend time with his friends.
A person joins a protest march in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person understands others's opinion, he respects PersonY's opinion as a result.
A person talks to her advisor in order to ask her advisor for advice.
If a person finds a new beginning, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a full day, he will feel tired.
If a person picks out the right wine, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets some closure, he will feel happy.
A person gives something to somebody in order to help somebody.
If a person has a wonderful vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person follows others's commands, he will feel obedient.
If a person settles her affairs, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks better of his actions, he wants to do better.
If a person picks up a new hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person is under suspicion, he will feel worried.
If a person and others play games, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person finds his true love, he will feel content.
If a person cuddles up with others, he feels closer to PersonY as a result.
A person practices their aim in order to be a better shot.
If a person is moved by others’s advice, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person is fed up with the work, he wants to quit.
If a person attends a play, he is entertained as a result.
If a person sets up business, he earns money as a result.
A person tries to take a walk in order to get some fresh air.
If a person works out every day, he wants to get in shape.
If a person is doing exercise, he is getting fit as a result.
If a person looks at others's soul, he wants to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person starts up her car, he wants to go for a drive.
If a person wins friends and influence, he will feel powerful.
If a person dances in the park, he will feel joyful.
A person questions a decision in order to know the reasons behind the decision.
If a person has a comfortable life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets along with everyone, he will feel relaxed.
If a person inquires, he wants to know more.
A person gets people together in order to build a community.
A person works hard to find an alternative in order to be independent.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he will feel angry.
If a person gets the truth out, he is satisfied as a result.
A person has a short conversation with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person makes the best of things, he is happy as a result.
A person deals with her feelings in order to be in control of her emotions.
If a person wins the scholarship, he wants to go to college.
If a person does some yard work, he will feel productive.
If a person is blamed for doing the wrong thing, he feels guilty as a result.
If a person responds to others's difficulties, he wants to solve PersonY's problems.
If a person learns to do something, he will feel competent.
If a person wears some really nice clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person learns to respect others, he wants to be a good person.
If a person is given a bath, he feels clean as a result.
A person goes on a field trip in order to experience new things.
If a person talks to people, he will feel connected.
If a person takes a stand against others, he will feel courageous.
If a person is at the right place, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a personal massage, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person has turned his life around, he will feel happy.
A person works as a volunteer at the school in order to help others.
If a person wonders if he will find his dad, he will feel anxious.
If a person commits to a plan, he wants to get the plan done.
A person studies the news in order to be informed.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel accomplished.
If a person explores the subject, he wants to learn more.
If a person gets into the argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person gets tickets to the concert, he will feel happy.
If a person earns a favor, he will feel happy.
A person treats others very nicely in order to be kind to PersonY.
If a person decides to take the job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is getting a raise, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a gift delivered, he will feel delighted.
If a person cooks others a delicious dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes his own plans, he will feel in control.
If a person considers the environment, he wants to protect the environment.
If a person acquires a bike, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds himself in difficulty, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person earns good money, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a good attitude, he wants to be happy.
If a person discovers a new interest, he will feel excited.
If a person finds someone else creepy, he wants to stay away from him.
If a person is dissatisfied with the results, he wants to do better.
If a person takes care of something, he will feel happy.
If a person mends things, he will feel happy.
A person checks in with others's parents in order to make sure PersonY's parents are doing well.
If a person is perplexed by a sudden change in plans, he wants to figure out what is going on.
If a person cooks for his friends, he is seen as a good cook.
A person studies in depth what others said in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person maintains a healthy lifestyle, he will feel energetic.
A person consults an expert in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person works for the city, he is seen as civic-minded.
If a person resolves never to do it again, he will feel relieved.
A person fights for others's rights in order to make sure PersonY is treated fairly.
If a person takes steps to make sure, he will feel determined.
If a person meets all requirements for a perfect résumé, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has many good ideas, he will feel creative.
If a person continues to work out, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person becomes a winner, he will feel happy.
If a person starts on a new journey, he will feel motivated.
If a person asks others to go along, he gets to spend time with PersonY as a result.
If a person experiences personal success, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person faces a danger, he will feel fearful.
If a person has a great time at work, he will feel energized.
If a person realizes the guilt, he will feel ashamed.
If a person practices etiquette, he is polite as a result.
If a person is feeling a little sick, he wants to get better.
If a person discovers that others needs a friend, he wants to be PersonY's friend.
A person checks the bulletin board in order to see what is going on.
If a person regrets having done something, he wants to do something different.
If a person is a prominent leader, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person researches at the library, he will feel interested.
If a person is listening to a radio show, he is informed about the latest news as a result.
If a person still likes others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person sorts out his life, he will feel confident.
A person accepts a driving lesson in order to be a better driver.
If a person attends a show, he will feel entertained.
A person passes a message to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person turns the pages of a book, he will feel interested.
If a person wins the grand prize, he will feel elated.
A person finds a good restaurant in order to eat a good meal.
If a person enjoys a change of pace, he will feel rejuvenated.
A person makes music in order to express himself.
If a person robs the robbers, he will feel victorious.
A person and others plan a vacation in order to have fun and PersonY wants to relax.
If a person does not like public speaking, he wants to avoid public speaking.
If a person wins a local competition, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets help from the police, he will feel protected.
If a person regrets neglecting others, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
A person bought something for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person tests a new theory, he learns something new as a result.
A person is at a store in order to buy something.
If a person trains for a month, he will feel fit.
If a person's arms are broken, he will feel in pain.
If a person chooses to change, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person becomes tired, he wants to rest.
If a person finds the truth, he will feel satisfied.
If a person talks about past events, he will feel nostalgic.
A person works on a piece of art in order to express himself.
If a person is a successful student, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is in an uncomfortable position, he wants to be comfortable.
If a person eats dinner with the family, he gets to know the family as a result.
If a person looks at the stone, he will feel curious.
If a person successfully resisted others, he will feel strong.
If a person takes care of the garden, he has a beautiful garden as a result.
If a person worries about being in the spotlight, he will feel uncomfortable.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he will feel content.
If a person wears some really nice clothes, he will feel good.
If a person decides to study hard, he wants to get good grades.
If a person gets a wash and set, he is clean and fresh as a result.
If a person earns an award, he will feel pleased.
A person makes some phone calls in order to talk to people.
If a person finally has a girlfriend, he will feel happy.
If a person decides to run for the school board, he wants to be a leader.
If a person figures something out, he will feel accomplished.
If a person begins to paint a wall, he will feel creative.
If a person stands his ground, he will feel determined.
A person carries on a dialog in order to talk to someone.
If a person learns a particular piece of information, he wants to use that information.
If a person misses something, he wants to get it back.
If a person is extremely unhappy, he will feel frustrated.
A person brushes teeth in order to be clean.
If a person gets the tickets to the baseball game, he will feel pleased.
A person works on an assignment in order to finish an assignment.
A person considers various possibilities in order to consider all possibilities.
If a person works on the home computer, he improves his computer skills as a result.
If a person finds a new car, he will feel delighted.
If a person goes to church with parents, he feels more religious as a result.
If a person gets more training, he will feel motivated.
If a person comes to an agreement, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person has an unexpected accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person learns a valuable lesson, he is less likely to make the same mistake again as a result.
If a person wears his Halloween costume, he will feel festive.
If a person explores further, he will feel intrigued.
If a person desires to stop others, he wants to find a way to stop PersonY.
If a person buys a new dachshund, he is pleased with his new pet as a result.
A person decided to take care of the matter in order to make things right.
If a person has had a rewarding life, he is happy as a result.
If a person decides to celebrate, he will feel relaxed.
If a person goes to a political meeting, he gets involved in politics as a result.
If a person takes a walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finds a purpose, he will feel satisfied.
A person helps the grieving others in order to be helpful.
If a person overcomes a trial, he will feel strong.
If a person and others have a quiet day, he will feel calm.
If a person wins the bid, he is pleased as a result.
If a person finds something to do, he will feel content.
If a person types a memo, he will feel productive.
A person tries to concentrate in order to be able to think clearly.
A person starts to meditate in order to feel calm.
If a person studies a book, he will feel challenged.
A person takes a quiet walk in order to be alone.
If a person is being successful, he is happy as a result.
If a person is prepared for things, he is confident as a result.
If a person is forced to do something unpleasant, he feels bad as a result.
If a person and others invest in the future, he will feel optimistic.
A person hugs the child in order to be close to the child.
If a person organizes an excursion, he will feel excited.
A person talks for a while in order to have a conversation.
A person give something to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes to beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person studies several languages, he speaks several languages as a result.
A person gets rid of the body in order to keep the body from being found.
If a person chooses to rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person acquires credentials, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has lost someone, he is upset as a result.
If a person is recommended for a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person is a big jerk, he is disliked by others as a result.
If a person comes up with a good idea, he will feel confident.
A person gets out of the house in order to be independent.
If a person finds others’s behavior abhorrent, he wants to avoid PersonY.
A person begins to move in order to be active.
If a person does not understand what is happening, he will feel puzzled.
If a person learns to have fun, he is happy as a result.
A person stops to see others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person believes that everything will be fine, he will feel calm.
If a person exercises more than five times a week, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person pulls up a chair, he will feel comfortable.
If a person promises to do a favor, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to stay close, he stays close to the family as a result.
If a person tries to read for pleasure, he will feel relaxed.
If a person can't win against the old man, he loses as a result.
A person tries to correct some mistakes in order to do better.
If a person feels a sense of injustice, he becomes angry as a result.
A person buys a chair in order to have a comfortable place to sit.
If a person is able to overcome adversity, he is able to achieve his goals as a result.
If a person explains the game to others, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person notices others is absent, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person goes back to baking, he will feel motivated.
If a person gains a new skill, he is better at it as a result.
A person goes to see her father in order to be closer to her father.
If a person takes up gardening, he wants to garden more.
If a person tells the public the reason, he is seen as honest.
If a person visits the new museum, he wants to see the art.
If a person gets some more customers, he will feel pleased.
If a person is trained in everything, he will feel capable.
A person takes his pet to the veterinarian in order to be sure his pet is healthy.
A person builds a school in order to provide education for the community.
If a person receives some good news, he will feel relieved.
A person puts up a fight in order to show his strength.
If a person sends out a questionnaire, he wants to get more feedback.
If a person and others grow up together, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
A person is successful in school in order to be a good student.
If a person subscribes to a newsletter, he will feel entertained.
If a person tries to comfort others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person leads a quality life, he will feel happy.
If a person is used to making other people happy, he is happy for others as a result.
If a person likes to keep healthy, he exercises regularly as a result.
If a person has a great meal, he will feel content.
If a person gets his story published, he will feel pleased.
If a person writes a journal, he writes about her life as a result.
If a person worries about the situation, he wants to be reassured.
If a person gets organized, he will feel relaxed.
If a person feels that they are accomplishing nothing, he is frustrated as a result.
If a person is a very quiet person, he is not a talker as a result.
If a person went to the seaside, he will feel content.
If a person becomes engrossed in work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has come into her own, he will feel happy.
If a person is sick for a whole week, he will feel miserable.
If a person gets furious, he wants to yell.
If a person can't get over it, he is still angry as a result.
If a person finds success, he is happy as a result.
If a person works a puzzle, he completes the puzzle as a result.
If a person is accosted by man, he will feel frightened.
A person and others engage in some leisure activities in order to relax and PersonY wants to enjoy himself.
If a person becomes more educated, he will feel wise.
If a person decides to focus on one thing, he will feel determined.
If a person has a reason, he wants to do something about it.
A person tries to talk about it in order to share his feelings.
If a person makes his own decisions, he is more independent as a result.
A person writes to the newspaper in order to express his feelings.
If a person makes an important discovery, he wants to share his discovery.
A person arranges to meet the doctor in order to get better.
A person carries on his own operations in order to do things his own way.
If a person challenges others to a staring contest, he wants to beat PersonY at staring.
If a person organizes the plan, he will feel in charge.
A person is able to talk about it in order to share his feelings.
If a person is disgusted by her sister's behaviour, he wants to make her sister behave.
If a person betrays his own honor, he will feel guilty.
A person cradles a bird in order to care for the bird.
If a person makes an error in judgment, he will feel regretful.
If a person gives himself to God, he will feel peaceful.
If a person swims at the gym, he will feel fit.
If a person eats the delicious food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person snatches up some food, he is full as a result.
If a person fights against an enemy, he will feel determined.
If a person goes for a walk in the park, he has a pleasant walk as a result.
A person attends his son’s wedding in order to be with his son.
A person rushes to a solution in order to get the job done.
If a person goes to his first circus, he is entertained as a result.
If a person begins a new exercise routine, he will feel energized.
If a person has many acquaintances, he has many friends as a result.
If a person takes the day off, he is rested as a result.
If a person is a free person, he wants to do what he wants.
If a person's life is in order, he will feel peaceful.
If a person works out three times a week, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person feels bad about leaving others, he wants to be there for PersonY.
If a person and others enjoy a walk, he will feel happy.
If a person worries about his school work, he wants to be smarter.
A person plans out everything in order to make sure everything is done.
A person plans out everything in order to make sure everything is perfect.
A person has a to-do list in order to be productive.
If a person practices self-defense moves, he feels safer as a result.
If a person convinces others to return, he will feel happy.
If a person has sex with me, he will feel satisfied.
A person heads to church in order to be religious.
If a person had an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person is beginning to argue, he will feel annoyed.
If a person has a lovely home, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks about others, he is considerate as a result.
If a person is dedicated to his work, he will feel happy.
A person thought it over in order to make a decision.
If a person returns to his everyday life, he will feel normal.
If a person stands up and does a little dance, he is in a good mood as a result.
If a person's mom is in the hospital, he will feel worried.
If a person wins at tennis, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person reports on her observation in order to be able to communicate her observations.
If a person often thinks about science, he will feel interested.
If a person studies a new language, he will feel motivated.
If a person joins a dance team, he will feel energetic.
A person listens to birds in order to hear the sound of nature.
A person plans to read a book after work in order to relax.
If a person volunteers to help a neighbor, he will feel pleased.
If a person recalls that others is very friendly, he has a good time with PersonY as a result.
If a person remembers a past event, he wants to remember the event.
If a person talks to Tyler, he learns about Tyler as a result.
If a person learns to do something by heart, he will feel competent.
If a person has the whole day for himself, he will feel free.
If a person believes that he is falling behind, he wants to catch up.
If a person starts reading a book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person knows how to handle a situation, he will feel calm.
A person travels to the city in order to explore the city.
If a person is believed to be honest, he will feel confident.
If a person gets stressed over a big presentation, he will feel frustrated.
If a person takes care of something, he will feel good.
If a person is tired of the old routine, he wants to change his routine.
If a person takes on an initiative, he wants to be an independent thinker.
If a person reads to his daughter, he wants to spend time with his daughter.
A person chooses a place in order to be in a place that he likes.
A person runs to her friend's house in order to be with her friend.
A person builds a school in order to provide education for the children.
If a person begins to see a therapist, he wants to talk about his problems.
If a person thinks about others, he will feel compassionate.
If a person becomes successful, he becomes rich as a result.
If a person and others play a video game, he will feel entertained.
If a person has written a very optimistic report, he will feel excited.
If a person's gets married, he will feel happy.
If a person will be enjoying a cozy evening, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes a little break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tells of a past event, he will feel nostalgic.
A person rushes off to work in order to earn money.
If a person gets an idea from what others said, he wants to do what PersonY said.
If a person is allowed to play, he will feel free.
If a person knows he is special, he is confident as a result.
If a person gets to play, he will feel free.
If a person gets medicine, he feels better as a result.
If a person doesn't like the way others thinks, he wants to change PersonY's mind.
If a person is a dutiful spouse, he will feel satisfied.
If a person orders the right pizza, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks at the document, he will feel interested.
If a person researches information about others, he will feel interested.
If a person gets trained by a master, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person asks about the matter, he will feel interested.
If a person writes to the world, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person starts a fight, he will feel angry.
If a person drinks some beer, he will feel drunk.
If a person walks into the party, he meets people as a result.
If a person crawls into bed, he falls asleep as a result.
If a person and others dance at the reception, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person experiences a sudden loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person falls into the mud, he is covered in mud as a result.
If a person attempts to arrange a meeting, he wants to get to know the other person.
If a person pays a bill on time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys being on time, he is punctual as a result.
A person contributes to household tasks in order to be helpful.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he will feel free.
A person meets deadlines in order to be successful.
A person puts pen to paper in order to express his feelings.
If a person convinces others to work for him, he will feel satisfied.
If a person becomes prosperous, he is happy as a result.
A person trains for a certain sport in order to be fit.
If a person takes a hot shower, he will feel refreshed.
A person tried to communicate in order to be understood.
If a person organizes a good party, he will feel successful.
A person keeps to the rules in order to be on the right side of the law.
If a person argues the cause, he wants to be right.
If a person goes out for a vacation, he will feel content.
If a person takes others to the lake, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he will feel delighted.
If a person gets scolded for it, he is made to apologize as a result.
If a person takes charge of cleaning the house, he will feel responsible.
A person puts on his seatbelt in order to be safe.
A person tries to resolve a situation in order to make a difference.
If a person studies the information, he understands the information as a result.
If a person finally gets what he or she wants, he will feel excited.
If a person gets his paperwork in order, he will feel confident.
A person sticks to her roots in order to preserve her family's traditions.
A person plans for his party in order to make his party a success.
If a person drinks at the restaurant, he is intoxicated as a result.
If a person spends time in the country, he enjoys the country as a result.
If a person is fully organized, he will feel competent.
If a person helps solve a crime, he will feel satisfied.
A person contributes to the public in order to be a part of the community.
If a person goes away after having fun, he will feel content.
If a person takes the gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person resists an urge to scream, he quiets down as a result.
A person questions the instructions in order to know the purpose of the instructions.
A person accepts a sales position in order to be a successful salesperson.
A person practices hard in order to improve.
If a person's career is in the toilet, he will feel discouraged.
If a person gets out of the trap, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets doing that, he wants to stop doing that.
A person talks to the woman in order to have a conversation.
If a person is presented with a gift, he will feel happy.
If a person agrees to buy something, he will feel pleased.
A person is going to the doctor in order to get better.
A person moves into a new home in order to have a home of his own.
If a person buys some new clothes, he wants to wear them.
If a person gives others a birthday party, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a bad meeting, he is upset as a result.
If a person is getting a cold, he will feel miserable.
A person prevents an argument in order to keep the peace.
If a person thinks for a minute, he will feel curious.
If a person does well in school, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person is rewarded for building a church, he is happy as a result.
If a person visits neighbors, he gets to know neighbors as a result.
If a person finds that he has had too much wine, he wants to drink less wine.
A person and others made love in order to be intimate with PersonY.
A person gives others a call in order to talk to PersonY.
A person listens to the other side in order to understand the other side.
A person thinks about moving out in order to be independent.
If a person writes a document, he will feel productive.
If a person thinks for the long term, he will feel smart.
If a person tells it to everyone, he is seen as sincere.
A person takes part in a protest in order to show his support for the cause.
If a person takes a slow walk, he will feel calm.
A person trains the troops in order to make the troops stronger.
If a person wins at tennis, he will feel pleased.
A person consults a physician in order to get a medical diagnosis.
A person has a doctor’s appointment in order to get a checkup.
If a person hires person Z, he is pleased with Z as a result.
If a person looks others over, he will feel curious.
If a person skips to music, he will feel energetic.
If a person's business takes off, he will feel satisfied.
A person encourages others to move in order PersonY to be independent.
If a person wins the favor of others, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives the morning paper, he reads the paper as a result.
If a person quarreled with others, he and PersonY are no longer friends as a result.
If a person is diligent, he will feel productive.
If a person considers the case, he will feel analytical.
If a person attempts to be personable, he is friendly as a result.
If a person begins to tidy the garage, he gets a clean garage as a result.
If a person will always have the last word, he will feel confident.
If a person finally wins others over, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has bought a house, he is happy as a result.
If a person plans the journey, he will feel in control.
If a person finds it to be interesting, he wants to continue to do it.
If a person reads a book about the Civil War, he will feel intrigued.
If a person addresses the problem, he will feel competent.
A person watches his thoughts in order to be in control of his thoughts.
If a person wants to be more intelligent, he wants to go to school.
If a person has fun at work, he will feel content.
A person hides behind the wall in order to avoid being seen.
If a person accepts the idea, he is happy as a result.
If a person is good at drawing, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes a winner, he is proud of himself as a result.
A person argues for a position in order to get ahead.
A person reads a text in order to see what the text says.
A person decides to do an experiment in order to learn something new.
A person leaves home to go to school in order to be independent.
If a person thinks of a good idea, he will feel pleased.
If a person visits the old friend, he wants to talk to the old friend.
If a person thanks others for the show of support, he will feel relieved.
If a person starts to take pictures, he will feel motivated.
If a person wins at problem solving, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a recommendation from others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person buys the computer, he will feel pleased.
A person visits his uncle in Boston in order to spend time with his uncle.
If a person gets a pat on the back, he will feel pleased.
If a person is accepted into a top school, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets to the mountain top, he will feel victorious.
If a person is suddenly clear about something, he will feel confident.
A person buys dinner for everyone in order to make sure everyone is fed.
If a person's work goes well, he is seen as competent.
If a person is committed to political or professional goals, he wants to succeed.
If a person gets his facts straight, he will feel good.
If a person learns how to play the harp, he is better at playing the harp as a result.
A person thinks of going to therapy in order to be mentally healthy.
If a person thinks about employment, he wants to get a job.
If a person is able to get a job, he will feel successful.
A person follows a rule in order to do things right.
If a person takes up cross-country running, he gets fit as a result.
If a person is the guest of honor, he will feel important.
If a person listens to music on the radio, he will feel happy.
If a person is the top dog, he will feel powerful.
If a person goes to an author talk, he will feel curious.
If a person returns to a familiar place, he will feel comfortable.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he will feel happy.
If a person cares for his father, he wants to help his father.
If a person keeps its cool, he will feel relaxed.
A person gets into the boat in order to be on the water.
A person feeds the animal in order to help the animal.
If a person succeeds on his mission, he will feel confident.
If a person takes his first shower, he feels clean as a result.
If a person realizes others is a sick person, he wants to get PersonY help.
If a person overworks himself, he becomes exhausted as a result.
If a person has a tough job, he will feel stressed.
If a person does well in exam, he will feel confident.
If a person is elected as an official, he has more responsibilities as a result.
If a person sets an example for others, he will feel respected.
If a person finds an answer to a problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to keep peace, he will feel calm.
If a person looks up information, he will feel interested.
If a person is uncertain, he will feel worried.
If a person gets ready for a party, he will feel excited.
If a person walks around in the morning, he will feel alert.
If a person plays a song on a new musical instrument, he will feel creative.
A person gives some money to a child in order to help the child.
If a person is skilled at explaining things, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person sets a date in order to be with the girl.
A person continues to associate with others in order to be friends with PersonY.
If a person becomes the winner, he will feel confident.
If a person is doubtful, he wants to be sure.
If a person is preoccupied with work, he will feel stressed.
A person cooks with fresh ingredients in order to make a good meal.
If a person prepares for the hike, he will feel determined.
If a person has the prize, he will feel happy.
If a person sees to it that, he will feel in control.
If a person is at fault, he will feel guilty.
If a person researched others's genealogy, he wants to know more about PersonY's family.
If a person continues his work, he will feel motivated.
If a person walks the straight and narrow, he stays out of trouble as a result.
If a person seeks first-hand information, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person reads a book about the missing dinosaurs, he will feel curious.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he will feel satisfied.
If a person seems to see something, he wants to see what it is.
If a person defeats death, he will feel relieved.
If a person prepares for battle, he will feel determined.
If a person watches a movie, he will feel content.
If a person speaks with compassion, he will feel good.
If a person reads the local newspaper, he will feel informed.
If a person goes camping with a large group, he learns to camp as a result.
If a person enjoys her homework, he wants to finish her homework.
If a person notices something strange, he wants to investigate.
If a person gets tired of playing, he wants to stop playing.
If a person helps others fix a computer, he will feel helpful.
A person feeds the animals in order to make sure the animals are fed.
If a person kicks around a soccer ball, he will feel energetic.
A person follows others around the house in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person helps others to speak, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person is good at cooking, he will feel pleased.
If a person dances in the middle of the street, he will feel delighted.
A person sneaks out at night in order to be alone.
If a person makes great grades, he will feel pleased.
If a person discovers that others is in danger, he will feel concerned.
If a person entertains himself, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a bitter argument with others, he will feel upset.
If a person follows through on his promise, he will feel confident.
If a person finds a cool place to live, he will feel content.
A person decides to take a shower in order to feel clean.
A person studies languages in order to improve her skills.
If a person cannot cope, he seeks help as a result.
If a person enjoys working in the office, he will feel relaxed.
If a person determines to have fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person began to feel frustrated, he became angry as a result.
If a person preaches to the crowd, he will feel passionate.
If a person happens to finish the task, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a serious book, he will feel satisfied.
If a person figures out a way to repay others, he will feel good.
A person asks others to come along in order to be able to do things with PersonY.
If a person decides to begin cooking, he will feel creative.
If a person plans the trip, he will feel organized.
If a person discusses others's business, he learns more about PersonY's business as a result.
A person speaks with someone on the telephone in order to talk to someone.
If a person thinks about the story, he will feel intrigued.
A person considers taking a trip in order to explore the world.
If a person keeps climbing the ladder, he will feel determined.
A person thinks about moving away in order to be free.
If a person gets a job offer, he will feel happy.
If a person has a pleasant stay, he will feel content.
If a person takes the class, he learns the material as a result.
A person is on the point of leaving in order to be on his own.
A person writes a letter in order to express her feelings.
If a person learns how to deal with others, he gets along better with PersonY as a result.
A person looks into their soul in order to see their true self.
A person volunteers at the town church in order to help people.
If a person eats a nice meal, he will feel full.
If a person tries not to repeat the same mistake, he will feel determined.
A person attends meditation class in order to be more calm.
A person works hard at work in order to be a good employee.
If a person figure it's safe to talk, he will feel relaxed.
A person organizes the meeting in order to have a successful meeting.
If a person uses good grammar, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person thinks how best to please others, he does what PersonY wants as a result.
A person calls the doctor’s office in order to get an appointment.
If a person falls down and injures , he is in pain as a result.
A person presses forward in order to reach his goal.
If a person is hard at work, he will feel energized.
If a person sees others in an inconvenient light, he wants to see PersonY in a better light.
If a person reads, reads, reads, he is able to read fluently as a result.
A person keeps practicing in order to be good at what he does.
If a person starts to put things away, he will feel productive.
If a person finds a happy ending, he feels good about life as a result.
If a person decides to go camping again, he enjoys camping as a result.
If a person cares deeply about others, he wants to protect PersonY.
A person goes with his brother to a movie in order to spend time with his brother.
If a person begins to relax, he will feel refreshed.
If a person finds a new perspective, he will feel satisfied.
If a person feels uneasy, he wants to feel better.
If a person tells others a funny story, he is rewarded with a laugh as a result.
If a person is rehearsing, he wants to be on stage.
If a person works hard at school, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person's loved one is in danger, he will feel worried.
If a person takes a stand, he will feel brave.
If a person puts an end to something, he will feel relieved.
A person arrives to check on others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he wants to find a way to end it.
A person shops at a store in order to be able to buy things.
If a person dances the samba, he will feel excited.
A person defends 's purpose in order to make sure that PersonX's purpose is a good one.
A person repairs something at home in order to make things better.
If a person cooks a nice meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person follows the rules, he will feel disciplined.
If a person fixes her favorite meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person performs a well-rehearsed speech, he is seen as a good speaker.
If a person wants to hear some news, he is told some news as a result.
If a person gets low, he will feel depressed.
If a person joins a volunteer organization, he wants to help people.
If a person is very successful, he is rich as a result.
A person calls others by telephone in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person puts into practice what others taught, he will feel motivated.
If a person is traumatized, he wants to feel better.
If a person has an interesting conversation, he is entertained as a result.
If a person calls an attorney, he is informed of his rights as a result.
If a person puts on a good show, he will feel proud.
A person trains a new dog in order to make the dog better.
If a person sits comfortably, he will feel content.
If a person gets ready for church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person walks straight to others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person won a medal in a contest, he will feel happy.
If a person feels hot under the collar, he wants to cool down.
If a person had a good night's sleep, he is refreshed as a result.
A person rushes off to the airport in order to get to the airport on time.
If a person exercises three times a week, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person and others gets baptized, he will feel spiritual.
A person decides to pursue a degree in order to do something for himself.
If a person is granted a wish, he will feel happy.
If a person watches the monitors, he will feel interested.
If a person gets something and is immediately unsatisfied, he wants to get something else.
If a person has a productive day, he will feel satisfied.
If a person works to gain others's cooperation, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person manages to have a little fun, he will feel content.
If a person embarks on a holiday, he will feel relaxed.
A person changes course in order to do something different.
If a person studies every day, he will feel determined.
If a person and others go somewhere together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person makes an honest attempt in order to do the right thing.
If a person regrets the way they left things, he wants to fix things.
If a person joins others's circle of friends, he will feel included.
If a person buys a ticket to hear a concert, he enjoys the concert as a result.
If a person disagrees with the opinion, he wants to have his own opinion.
A person talks to him in order to tell him something.
If a person considers this for a moment, he wants to think about it.
A person goes to a friend's house in order to be with a friend.
If a person is fully organized, he will feel confident.
If a person wins his bet, he will feel satisfied.
A person listens to her father in order to understand her father.
If a person catches a lot of fish, he is seen as a good fisherman.
If a person sleeps for a while, he will feel rested.
If a person has a heated argument with others, he will feel angry.
A person starts making progress in order to be successful.
If a person starts to improve, he is pleased as a result.
If a person completes an agreement, he will feel pleased.
A person continues fishing in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person becomes others's lover, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person gets hurt while climbing, he will feel in pain.
A person buys Christmas presents in order to buy presents for his family.
If a person has a new thing, he will feel excited.
A person drinks a bottle of water in order to be hydrated.
A person attends a school meeting in order to learn about his school.
If a person has performed, he is happy as a result.
If a person begins cooking, he enjoys cooking as a result.
If a person starts dancing, he will feel energetic.
If a person makes a useful discovery, he will feel excited.
If a person did something foolish, he has to apologize as a result.
If a person regrets what he has done, he wants to make amends.
If a person tries new things, he enjoys new experiences as a result.
If a person complains of an injury, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person beats others at the races, he will feel triumphant.
A person visits a sick relative in order to help his relative.
If a person calls for a study group, he studies harder as a result.
If a person enjoys taking pictures, he takes a lot of pictures as a result.
If a person experiences romance, he feels happy as a result.
A person calls about a package in order to find out what is in the package.
If a person wears nice clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person comes up with a new product, he wants to sell it.
A person gives others an interesting offer in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes on some tasks, he will feel responsible.
If a person has fun on the way to visit others, he is happy to see PersonY as a result.
If a person seizes the opportunity, he will feel happy.
If a person understands that others is sincere, he trusts PersonY as a result.
If a person plans a family outing, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a chance, he wants to try new things.
If a person rests for a while, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gathers friends to play an online game, he will feel entertained.
A person drives down to others’s house in order to see PersonY.
If a person goes to the arcade, he will feel entertained.
A person tries to do something nice in order to make a good impression.
A person reads a book on business in order to learn more about business.
If a person starts studying, he will feel motivated.
If a person is bothered by a false rumor, he wants to stop the rumor.
If a person cooks a whole feast, he will feel satisfied.
A person consults with others in order to get PersonY's advice.
A person takes chances in order to try new things.
If a person meets her ideal partner, he is happy as a result.
If a person trains two hours a day, he is seen as disciplined.
A person hides in the shadow in order to avoid being seen.
If a person reads many books, he will feel interested.
If a person has a wonderful day, he will feel peaceful.
A person decided to stop smoking in order to be healthy.
A person plans to leave others in order to be independent.
If a person eats all of his food, he will feel full.
If a person notices a change, he wants to know what's going on.
A person tries to address the crowd in order to get a response from the crowd.
If a person can't stand others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
A person keeps an appointment in order to keep his word.
If a person puts on a nice suit, he will feel smart.
If a person spends the day at work, he will feel productive.
If a person cooks well, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels disconnected, he wants to feel connected.
A person plays hard in order to be a good player.
If a person obtains some money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has her car vandalized, he is upset as a result.
If a person overcomes alcoholism, he will feel victorious.
If a person does not like its cat, he wants to get a new cat.
If a person often works out, he will feel energetic.
If a person spends a long time talking, he has a good conversation as a result.
If a person gets along with everyone, he will feel at ease.
If a person has found the right spot, he will feel confident.
A person has a good rest in order to feel refreshed.
If a person dresses for an evening out, he will feel sexy.
If a person does not like her job, he wants to quit.
If a person gets into the bathtub, he will feel relaxed.
A person plans a reunion in order to be with his friends.
A person learns how to make soap in order to be able to make his own soap.
If a person suspects something is wrong, he investigates as a result.
If a person has it all figured out, he will feel confident.
If a person wears a helmet when he rides his bike, he will feel safe.
If a person starts to read the book, he will feel interested.
A person arrives at his new home in order to start a new life.
If a person gets more interested in another person, he wants to get closer to the other person.
If a person is having his heart broken, he feels depressed as a result.
If a person stands up to the bully, he will feel strong.
If a person finds himself in a dangerous situation, he will feel afraid.
If a person checks out the bridge, he wants to study the bridge.
A person takes a break from baking in order to relax.
A person makes a list of chores in order to get things done.
A person says yes to a change in order to improve his life.
If a person and others learn from each other, he and PersonY are closer as a result.
If a person visits a spa, he has a relaxing day as a result.
If a person fills up with petrol, he will feel full.
If a person performs effectively, he will feel competent.
If a person gets clubbed, he will feel in pain.
A person went to others's home in order to meet PersonY.
A person wrote the song in order to express himself.
A person brings a hot meal to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes a chance on others, he learns to trust PersonY as a result.
A person sends a letter to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person listens for a long time, he is seen as a good listener.
If a person investigates something, he finds something as a result.
If a person exercises more, he is in better shape as a result.
A person says no to another drink in order to stay sober.
If a person sends others a sweet e-mail, he will feel happy.
If a person trains for a run, he will feel fit.
If a person helps others in the house, he will feel useful.
If a person overcomes his problem, he will feel successful.
A person tries to comfort others in order to be helpful.
If a person encounters something new, he becomes curious as a result.
If a person observes what is happening, he learns about the problem as a result.
If a person makes a big deal, he will feel proud.
If a person begins to think about, he will feel concerned.
If a person collects the money, he will feel successful.
If a person decided to continue, he will feel confident.
If a person gets ready for a date, he will feel excited.
If a person exercises in the morning, he will feel relaxed.
If a person begins a series of conversations, he learns to communicate as a result.
If a person relaxes in bed, he falls asleep as a result.
If a person conquers others's empire, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is feeling much better today, he will feel relaxed.
If a person accepts the proposal, he will feel happy.
A person puts a plan in motion in order to be successful.
If a person wore a long coat, he will feel warm.
If a person practices for a dance competition, he will feel motivated.
A person enjoys a lovely walk in order to enjoy the fresh air.
If a person defeats the villain, he will feel triumphant.
A person wants to return home in order to be close to his family.
If a person makes the grade, he will feel pleased.
If a person is sensitive to others’s issues, he is able to empathize with PersonY as a result.
If a person convinces others to marry, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets complimented by the teacher, he will feel happy.
If a person regrets cheating on others, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
If a person becomes an executive, he will feel successful.
If a person feels aggrieved, he wants to feel better.
If a person visits the new museum, he will feel interested.
A person plans to run for public office in order to make a difference.
If a person finally connects with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
A person wants to get home in order to be close to his family.
If a person reads about history, he is interested in history as a result.
A person volunteers for an assignment in order to do something useful.
If a person looks at the issue from different angles, he wants to figure out the problem.
If a person has a holiday, he will feel refreshed.
A person treats others to a nice meal in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has opportunity, he wants to use the opportunity.
If a person stays put, he is not tempted to move as a result.
A person takes care of his children in order to provide for his family.
A person prepares to attack others in order to make PersonY suffer.
A person catches up with a friend in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person achieves her goals, he will feel happy.
If a person puts on a wonderful show, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others go to the cinema, he is entertained as a result.
If a person lifts a glass of wine, he will feel sated.
If a person is greeted by others with thanks, he will feel appreciated.
If a person dances to some music, he is pleased as a result.
If a person reaches a major conclusion, he will feel accomplished.
If a person prefers safety, he avoids danger as a result.
If a person befriends Rachel, he wants to spend more time with Rachel.
If a person is ready to speak, he will feel confident.
A person wants to call her sister in order to make sure her sister is okay.
A person goes into deep meditation in order to achieve a state of inner peace.
A person is present to others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person has a delicious dinner, he feels satisfied as a result.
A person goes out to get information in order to learn more about the problem.
A person visits Jodi in order to be there for Jodi.
If a person chooses to learn a skill, he improves his skill as a result.
If a person convinces others to have sex, he will feel confident.
A person encourages others to fight in order PersonY to feel strong.
If a person feels threatened by others, he wants to feel safe.
If a person's computer wasn't working, he wants to fix his computer.
If a person expresses a counterargument, he wants to make a case for his argument.
If a person decides to work out, he will feel motivated.
If a person ends up in the kitchen, he learns to cook as a result.
If a person has his heart torn apart, he will feel miserable.
A person reads a little every day in order to learn more.
If a person gets help from the doctor, he will feel comforted.
A person makes a contact in order to be in contact with a new person.
If a person tells others his own point of view, he makes PersonY think as a result.
A person and others exchange childhood stories in order to share his memories with PersonY.
A person signs up for a cooking class in order to be good at cooking.
If a person complains about noise, he wants to be quiet.
If a person is a bit hesitant about working on this machine, he will feel anxious.
If a person becomes more discerning, he will feel satisfied.
A person enrolls in a writing class in order to be a writer.
A person tells others about his job in order to share his job with PersonY.
If a person is great at this, he will feel proud.
If a person watches the stars, he will feel tranquil.
If a person finds a leak in the roof, he wants to fix the leak.
If a person studies like crazy, he wants to be smart.
If a person takes in a baseball game, he gets excited about baseball as a result.
A person tests how others is doing in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person was in the mood for a long walk, he will feel refreshed.
If a person regrets losing control, he wants to get back in control.
A person refrains from fighting in order to avoid conflict.
If a person can’t relax, he feels anxious as a result.
If a person buys a painting, he will feel happy.
If a person's evening runs smoothly, he will feel at ease.
If a person stands up and listens, he will feel respectful.
A person eventually gets a job in order to earn money.
If a person feels in danger, he wants to be safe.
If a person fills out the application, he wants to apply for a job.
If a person is good at maintaining friendships, he will feel loyal.
A person has been reading about others's behavior in order to know what PersonY is up to.
A person researched others's genealogy in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person slays the ogre, he will feel victorious.
If a person puts on a coat, hat, and scarf, he will feel warm.
If a person is honored at a dinner, he will feel appreciated.
If a person considers a new job, he will feel hopeful.
A person begins the investigation in order to find out the truth.
If a person meets his new neighbour, he gets to know his neighbour as a result.
If a person lives up to his ideals, he will feel fulfilled.
A person promises to wake up others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
If a person thinks about what would happen if, he will feel uncertain.
A person tells others not to stop in order PersonY to continue his work.
If a person always gets on with the job, he is seen as dependable.
A person questions some friends in order to learn more about his friends.
If a person dedicates effort to training, he will feel inspired.
If a person sees an interesting person, he wants to talk to that person.
If a person helps others fix the motorbike, he will feel helpful.
A person goes back to writing in order to express himself.
If a person always gets on with the job, he will feel happy.
A person tastes and eats the food in order to enjoy the food.
A person leads a peace movement in order to make the world a better place.
If a person is watching a film, he will feel interested.
A person discusses the problem in order to understand the problem.
If a person gets in touch with their family, he wants to be close to their family.
If a person prepares a healthy meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to play the violin, he is a better violinist as a result.
If a person gets found guilty, he is sent to prison as a result.
If a person argues with the teacher, he will feel angry.
If a person does not enjoy others’s jokes, he wants to not have to listen to PersonY’s jokes.
A person has to continue digging in order to get to the bottom of the mystery.
If a person gets quite a deal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person agrees to go home, he will feel relieved.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he will feel hopeful.
A person studies some more in order to get better at something.
If a person goes with his brother to a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person checks in at the health club, he gets fit as a result.
If a person listens to the reason, he wants to understand.
If a person takes back a remark, he wants to apologize.
If a person feels that something is odd, he wants to investigate.
If a person moves into a luxurious home, he will feel happy.
If a person meets personY's mother, he wants to get to know personY's mother.
A person reads an article in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person visits web site, he will feel interested.
If a person takes one of the books, he reads the book as a result.
If a person is a dependable and honest student, he will feel good.
If a person practices meditation, he feels more relaxed as a result.
A person settles down to work in order to get things done.
If a person and others move into a new home, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person prepares for big-game hunting, he will feel eager.
A person continues to train in order to improve.
If a person is helped by others, he will feel cared for.
If a person finds something to study, he learns something new as a result.
A person writes about it in order to share his experience.
A person tells you this story in order to share his experience.
If a person suffers very much, he will feel unhappy.
If a person hears of a lecture by others, he is interested in PersonY’s lecture as a result.
A person studies an instrument in order to be better at an instrument.
If a person goes for a round of golf, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tidies up the place, he will feel good.
If a person practices their skill, he gets better at their skill as a result.
If a person decides on taking action, he will feel empowered.
If a person cares about others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person accepts the contract, he will feel happy.
If a person works on the bike, he is seen as dedicated.
If a person helps others choose one out of four coats, he chooses the coat PersonY likes as a result.
If a person is others's guardian angel, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person holds a position, he will feel strong.
If a person knows he is special, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person learns to defend herself, he will feel empowered.
A person gets ready to speak in order to be heard.
If a person likes to go out, he will feel happy.
If a person and others begin a pleasant journey, he will feel peaceful.
If a person has been stabbed, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person purchases a dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person is a ne'er-do-well, he gets into trouble as a result.
If a person is able to do his thing, he will feel free.
If a person thinks that others might not be home, he wants to make sure that PersonY is home.
If a person prepares to leave for a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person reads a new book, he will feel interested.
A person attends a college in order to be educated.
If a person finds his watch is broken, he wants to fix his watch.
A person plans to take a shower in order to feel clean.
If a person lives up to his ideals, he will feel proud.
If a person marries someone, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person buys some goods, he will feel satisfied.
If a person suddenly feels tense, he wants to calm down.
If a person prepares a good supper, he will feel satisfied.
A person leaves for the evening in order to go out.
If a person becomes involved in cleaning, he gains a cleaner home as a result.
If a person gives others a good report, he will feel happy.
If a person is wrongly accused, he wants to be cleared of the charges.
If a person is distracted by noise, he is not paying attention as a result.
A person finds a school to attend in order to learn more.
If a person fights for justice, he is seen as brave.
If a person avoids misfortune, he will feel secure.
If a person is involved in a severe accident, he is hospitalized as a result.
If a person takes up a new cause, he will feel hopeful.
A person works on the wall in order to finish the wall.
If a person is exercising, he is fit as a result.
If a person hears some interesting news, he will feel excited.
If a person creates something amazing, he will feel accomplished.
If a person takes on the challenge, he wants to succeed.
If a person thinks about success, he wants to be successful.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he is angry as a result.
If a person feels that it is a great idea, he wants to try it.
If a person has a good experience, he will feel relaxed.
A person makes an effort to help others in order to be a good person.
If a person hits the right note, he will feel accomplished.
If a person receives some info, he will feel enlightened.
If a person eats a fried chicken dinner, he will feel full.
A person calls up his sister in order to make sure his sister is okay.
If a person escapes to freedom, he will feel at peace.
If a person ends up in trouble, he will feel upset.
If a person comes running towards others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person steers the boat in others's direction, he will feel in control.
If a person lands a job, he will feel happy.
If a person finds someone who will listen, he will feel supported.
If a person spends a lot of time with her family, he has a good relationship with her family as a result.
If a person reunites with his parents, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns more and more, he will feel smart.
If a person won the election, he will feel triumphant.
If a person makes a clean getaway, he will feel safe.
If a person claims the prize, he will feel pleased.
A person takes others to the park in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person thinks of possible solutions, he will feel creative.
If a person completes her journey, he will feel successful.
If a person has been sitting out in the sun too long, he will feel a little hot.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he will feel interested.
If a person suddenly realizes the error of his ways, he wants to change his ways.
If a person has fallen for others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
A person plans a menu in order to make a good meal.
If a person expects the story to take a turn, he wants to see what happens next.
If a person gains knowledge, he will feel intelligent.
A person buys flowers for his mother in order to make his mother happy.
If a person attends a celebration, he has a good time as a result.
If a person eats others’s cooking, he will feel pleased.
A person visits Rome in order to learn more about Rome.
If a person anticipates something, he wants to get ready for it.
If a person decides to be herself, he will feel confident.
If a person suspects something, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person watches and learns, he will feel interested.
If a person considers everything possible, he thinks of a solution as a result.
If a person takes a short vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person worries about others’s leg, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person gets flowers from others, he will feel happy.
If a person is reunited with his family, he will feel happy.
If a person watches a good show, he will feel relaxed.
A person decides to go with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person reads a report, he will feel curious.
If a person decides on his own schedule, he will feel independent.
If a person watches a comedy program on TV, he will feel amused.
If a person collects information, he will feel curious.
If a person puts on the covers, he will feel comfortable.
A person attends Saturday classes in order to keep up with his studies.
If a person remembers to take precautions, he will feel alert.
A person calls others in a few days in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person can’t get to sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person puts the past behind him, he will feel free.
If a person sets up a long-term plan, he will feel determined.
If a person wants to change his style, he wants to wear different clothes.
If a person learns a new trade, he earns a living as a result.
If a person undergoes psychoanalysis, he will feel disturbed.
If a person asks others to tell him the truth, he finds out the truth as a result.
If a person finds a good buy, he is happy as a result.
If a person feels bad about hurting others, he wants to apologize.
If a person forms a group, he gets to know other people as a result.
A person asked others in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person becomes leader of a gang, he will feel strong.
A person invites a friend to dinner in order to spend time with a friend.
If a person hates it when her neighbors are getting loud, he wants to quiet them down.
If a person gets lonely in the company of others, he wants to be alone.
If a person passes an important test, he will feel confident.
If a person gets on the move, he will feel energized.
If a person reads an article, he will feel informed.
If a person plays the guitar for fun, he will feel relaxed.
A person learns to behave in order to be more responsible.
If a person starts to look for something, he will feel determined.
A person has made an appointment with others in order to have a talk with PersonY.
A person spends time at the office in order to be productive.
If a person is a good businessman, he will feel satisfied.
If a person enjoys a special time, he will feel content.
If a person ends up in the mud, he is filthy as a result.
If a person heads out on the town, he will feel fun.
A person asks for others’s forgiveness in order to make amends.
If a person read a lot of books, he will feel interested.
If a person keeps in touch with others, he will feel connected.
If a person goes for a sail, he has fun as a result.
If a person looks up a point of contention, he wants to know the answer.
If a person says others's remark is strange, he wants to know what PersonY meant.
If a person considers others’s demand, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person consumes excessive alcohol, he is drunk as a result.
If a person becomes concerned about others, he wants to protect PersonY.
If a person goes to a formal dinner, he will feel elegant.
If a person organizes work schedule, he will feel in control.
If a person makes plans for future, he has a good future as a result.
If a person is about to drown, he will feel terrified.
If a person begins a study of history, he will feel motivated.
If a person completes task, he will feel confident.
If a person is able to do his thing, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person hears sounds coming from somewhere, he wants to investigate.
If a person starts the relationship off right, he will feel satisfied.
If a person counts on me, he will feel secure.
If a person has done something good, he will feel happy.
If a person reads a book in the library, he will feel curious.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he has a new perspective on X as a result.
If a person discovers an interesting place, he will feel delighted.
If a person settles down with a wife, he will feel content.
If a person makes an executive decision, he will feel in control.
If a person finds a positive role model, he will feel hopeful.
If a person contemplates a plan, he makes a decision as a result.
If a person is an avid reader, he will feel inspired.
A person reads the note again in order to understand the note.
If a person appreciates others’s compassion, he will feel comforted.
If a person asks questions of others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person gets the piece, he is pleased as a result.
If a person learns about psychology, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person practices his photography, he wants to be a photographer.
If a person receives a big delivery, he will feel happy.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person makes something useful, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a great improvement, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a fun idea, he will feel happy.
If a person wonders about the things he has heard, he wants to find out more.
If a person is able to explain it, he will feel understood.
If a person is worried about the family, he wants to make sure everything is okay.
If a person always gets their way, he will feel dominant.
If a person enjoys himself at a party, he will feel content.
If a person bursts into song, he will feel joyful.
If a person graduates from an excellent university, he is pleased as a result.
If a person gets a feel for the task, he will feel confident.
A person wants to stay at home in order to be with his family.
A person learns a new technique in order to improve his skills.
A person visits a friend’s grave in order to remember his friend.
If a person gets drinks, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person owns a successful business, he earns a lot of money as a result.
If a person forms a relationship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person starts an on-line chat room in order to have a place to talk to people.
A person begins to look around in order to see what is going on.
If a person claims his prize, he will feel triumphant.
If a person will get the last word, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes fond of others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person is about to go on holiday, he is happy about the holiday as a result.
If a person decides to buy it, he will feel excited.
If a person practices their skill, he wants to improve their skill.
If a person goes to the water, he will feel calm.
If a person looks on the Internet, he will feel intrigued.
If a person treats others for dinner, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person asks for my advice, he listens to me as a result.
If a person strives to please others, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person was on the move in order to be free.
If a person deals with others in person, he learns to deal with PersonY as a result.
If a person practices for a trip, he is ready for the trip as a result.
If a person is a huge success, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person works out at the health club, he wants to be in better shape.
If a person sets goals, he will feel motivated.
A person works on the model in order to finish the model.
If a person shows interest in others's success, he encourages PersonY as a result.
If a person devotes herself to science, he wants to study more.
If a person takes control of events, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes successful, he is promoted as a result.
If a person helps others build something, he will feel helpful.
A person prepares to search in order to find a solution.
If a person tries new stuff, he will feel interested.
A person decides to call everyone in order to be available to everyone.
If a person has tried to get others's attention, he wants to talk to PersonY.
A person makes a special dish for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person takes on a new contract, he will feel pleased.
If a person had a tough decision to make, he will feel torn.
If a person is given good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person has not seen others in a long time, he wants to see PersonY.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited day off, he will feel free.
If a person works on a homework assignment, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets himself a bath, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person decides to settle down, he wants to have a family.
If a person at last gets what's coming to him, he will feel relieved.
If a person finds a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person turns it all around, he will feel pleased.
If a person thanks the inspector, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes the fun that can be had, he will feel delighted.
If a person plays a song in front of a large audience, he is seen as talented.
A person asks others to meet up in order to have a talk with PersonY.
If a person thinks twice, he will feel concerned.
If a person suffers an unhappy marriage, he will feel sad.
If a person overcomes a trial, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is good at the game, he will feel confident.
A person takes a course in order to learn something new.
If a person discovered that others was stealing, he wants to stop PersonY from stealing.
If a person adopts a cause, he wants to help people.
If a person listens to quiet music, he will feel calm.
If a person achieves her goals, he will feel satisfied.
A person invites personY for a walk in order to show personY around.
If a person learns about the past, he wants to learn more about the past.
A person takes an unusual journey in order to discover something new.
If a person organizes a celebration, he will feel happy.
If a person leads an amazing life, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets used to his situation, he feels better as a result.
If a person does as she is told, he will feel obedient.
If a person decides to enjoy life, he has a good time as a result.
If a person gets a great parking space, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys a nice conversation, he will feel relaxed.
If a person commits to the activity, he will feel inspired.
A person is speaking to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person places emphasis on a solution, he learns to solve problems as a result.
If a person goes out to party, he gets drunk as a result.
A person and others take a nap in order to relax and PersonY wants to be rested.
If a person has a fear of violence, he wants to avoid conflict.
If a person joins the rescue team, he wants to save lives.
A person adjusts the armchair in order to make the armchair comfortable.
A person visits his ex-wife in order to be close to his ex-wife.
If a person joins the university volleyball team, he wants to get better.
A person takes some time out in order to be alone.
A person visits her grandmother’s house in order to spend time with her grandmother.
If a person gets medicine, he will feel relieved.
If a person reads ancient philosophical texts, he gains wisdom as a result.
If a person begins to do more exercise, he will feel energized.
A person makes sure that others is okay in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets compliments, he will feel happy.
If a person is a pet owner, he wants to take care of his pet.
If a person went to the seaside, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person reaches a goal, he will feel accomplished.
A person makes tea for his family in order to make his family happy.
A person teaches others about the world in order to help PersonY.
If a person settles the matter, he will feel relieved.
If a person goes to a classical concert, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person sings along with music, he will feel content.
A person performs an investigation in order to learn more about a crime.
If a person is hanging out with his friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person has a great time, he will feel excited.
A person continues to see others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person stays on his feet, he will feel confident.
A person practices writing something in order to be better at writing.
A person is walking on the street in order to go somewhere.
If a person finds a suspect, he will feel successful.
If a person increases her exercise program, he will feel fit.
A person gives others a good time in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person rekindles a relationship, he will feel pleased.
If a person prepares to put things in order, he will feel organized.
If a person becomes a successful philosopher, he will feel confident.
If a person is punched by others, he is injured as a result.
If a person does his makeup, he looks pretty as a result.
If a person recognizes others's needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person looks at a book on the shelf, he will feel curious.
If a person understands others's task, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person has an emotional crisis, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person is a naturally gifted student, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person finds what they want, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has had a flat tire, he wants to get a new tire.
If a person put the pieces together, he will feel accomplished.
If a person goes to a surprise party, he will feel happy.
If a person is sick for a day, he will feel miserable.
A person talks to his buddy on the phone in order to be connected to his friend.
If a person spends some time in the sun, he will feel happy.
A person registers for a class in order to get an education.
If a person takes over the work, he will feel competent.
If a person receives an unkind letter, he is upset as a result.
A person tries to reestablish contact in order to make amends.
If a person comes to admire others, he wants to be like PersonY.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he will feel content.
If a person goes the right way, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks of something nice to say, he will feel good.
If a person goes through a rough time, he wants to feel better.
If a person starts to take a stand, he wants to be a leader.
If a person looks for hidden motives, he thinks more about what he does as a result.
A person argues for a position in order to be promoted.
A person comes to the office in order to get work done.
If a person loves the sport, he wants to play more.
If a person tries to clean it, he gets it clean as a result.
A person tweets updates in order to keep her followers informed.
A person buys things for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person attends a college in order to get a degree.
A person reads about the event in order to learn more about the event.
A person watches and learns in order to improve his knowledge.
If a person cannot cope with the problem, he will feel frustrated.
If a person recognizes others's need, he wants to help PersonY.
A person stops by others’s house in order to see PersonY.
If a person can't figure out what to do, he will feel lost.
If a person settles the matter, he is pleased as a result.
If a person goes to the swimming pool, he will feel refreshed.
If a person completes a successful robbery, he will feel confident.
A person takes the shower in order to be clean.
If a person is perplexed by a sudden change in plans, he feels frustrated as a result.
If a person worries about his friends, he wants to help his friends.
If a person listens to others's song, he likes PersonY's song as a result.
If a person gets rid of bad people, he will feel triumphant.
If a person rests in the chair, he will feel relaxed.
A person sticks to the old ways in order to preserve the past.
If a person talks to the person next door, he gets to know the person next door as a result.
A person drags others along in order to get PersonY to go along with her plans.
A person prepares to shoot the prisoner in order to be ready for the execution.
If a person becomes self-aware, he will feel empowered.
A person asks to leave in order to be on his own.
If a person attends church on Sunday, he will feel spiritual.
A person takes a roundabout way in order to avoid the usual route.
A person is working on her novel in order to finish her novel.
A person talks about an idea he has in order to get his idea out there.
If a person suffers at school, he will feel miserable.
If a person sets up a successful business, he is very successful as a result.
If a person comes from a long line of the learned, he is a smart person as a result.
If a person realises a mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
If a person scores the winning point, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to pray, he wants to be more spiritual.
If a person paints a landscape, he paints a beautiful landscape as a result.
If a person is about to take off, he will feel excited.
If a person can handle it alone, he will feel confident.
If a person visits his friend others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person slips into the chair, he will feel comfortable.
If a person mended his ways, he is now a good person as a result.
If a person is growing suspicious, he decides to check out the situation as a result.
A person always follows rules in order to be good.
If a person gets a large shipment, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks at a model, he will feel curious.
If a person tells others that others is wonderful, he will feel good.
If a person has a bite to eat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has an excellent job, he will feel successful.
A person goes to dance class in order to improve her dancing.
If a person enjoys a work of art, he is inspired by the work as a result.
A person reads some of the book in order to understand the book.
If a person has a better life, he will feel content.
If a person will get better soon, he will feel hopeful.
If a person plays musical instruments, he is a talented musician as a result.
If a person talks to others for first time, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person tries to start the car in order to be able to drive.
If a person takes control of the situation, he will feel confident.
A person spends time with others's brother in order to get to know PersonY's brother.
If a person likes to sit at home and read, he will feel calm.
A person tends to his own needs in order to be self sufficient.
If a person eventually wins a gold medal, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sets up a business, he will feel confident.
If a person is learning to dance, he is having fun as a result.
A person finds an excuse to leave the table in order to get away from the other people.
If a person discusses the dangers, he will feel informed.
If a person manages to prove it, he will feel successful.
If a person has a fabulous dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person saw something terrible happen, he will feel upset.
A person prepares to argue in order to defend her beliefs.
If a person asks someone to help him look for something, he is helped as a result.
A person starts at the university in order to learn more.
If a person finally reaches the finish line, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a new relationship, he will feel happy.
A person continues the investigation in order to find out the truth.
If a person has hit bottom, he will feel hopeless.
If a person thinks that others is obnoxious, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person eats something yummy, he will feel satisfied.
A person starts taking art classes in order to be creative.
If a person purchases it, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes plans for a trip, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a nice vantage point, he will feel pleased.
If a person dabbles in sports, he will feel passionate.
If a person remains in power, he will feel secure.
If a person gets on his laptop, he has fun on the Internet as a result.
If a person redecorates her house, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to help out, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has run out of funds, he is broke as a result.
If a person is in his pajamas, he will feel comfy.
If a person works out a deal, he will feel successful.
If a person has his feet massaged, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person has been given everything he needs, he is happy as a result.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he feels full as a result.
If a person and others made love, he will feel satisfied.
If a person resolved the argument, he is happy as a result.
If a person admires others's growth, he gains respect for PersonY as a result.
If a person and others see a great show, he will feel entertained.
If a person creates a product, he wants to sell it.
If a person enjoys a meal, he will feel full.
If a person learns a new dance step, he gets better at dancing as a result.
A person makes a visit to see others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person reads an advice book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person has a really bad day, he will feel depressed.
If a person takes a day off work, he will feel rested.
If a person exercises in a gym, he will feel healthy.
A person interviews someone in order to learn more about the person.
If a person starts work, he will feel motivated.
A person goes to his doctor in order to get better.
If a person wants to give something back, he gives money to charity as a result.
If a person feels under pressure, he will feel frustrated.
A person exchanges numbers with others in order to stay in touch with PersonY.
If a person wins a dance contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person thinks others has betrayed him, he does not trust PersonY as a result.
If a person regrets not telling others earlier, he wants to tell PersonY about the regrets.
A person visits others at the mall in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person becomes a big success, he is happy as a result.
If a person drives to the playground, he wants to play with the kids.
A person tries to call someone in order to be reachable.
A person invites others to come home in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person becomes frustrated, he loses his temper as a result.
A person makes plans in order to be prepared for the future.
A person begins a journey with others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person falls ill, he wants to go to the doctor.
If a person asks others for some help, he gets some advice as a result.
A person offers others an alternative route in order to help PersonY.
If a person studies the diagram, he understands the diagram as a result.
A person works out at the health club in order to be healthy.
A person studies the contents of a folder in order to know more about the file.
If a person gets back in shape, he will feel confident.
If a person knows something's going to happen, he will feel worried.
If a person sees others's costume, he is impressed by PersonY's costume as a result.
A person mends the broken vase in order to make the vase usable again.
A person and others begin to bond in order to be a good friend to PersonY.
A person checks the label in order to be sure that the label is correct.
If a person is drugged and raped, he will feel violated.
If a person fucks up, he feels bad as a result.
A person helps to train others in order to help PersonY become a better person.
If a person lands a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person and others do volunteer work, he will feel helpful.
If a person overcomes all challenges, he will feel successful.
If a person has a great life, he will feel content.
A person reasons with someone in order to be understood.
A person regards Baby Y with interest in order to understand Baby Y.
If a person really likes the shoes, he wants to buy the shoes.
If a person backs up his claim, he will feel strong.
If a person learns about honesty, he is honest as a result.
If a person is having a picnic, he will feel content.
If a person reads a short story, he will feel entertained.
If a person is successful in business, he will feel confident.
If a person rests in the shade, he will feel refreshed.
A person tries to get out of the relationship in order to be independent.
If a person speaks, and no one listens, he is ignored as a result.
If a person listens to some music, he will feel calm.
If a person starts a serious project, he will feel challenged.
If a person buys a large order, he will feel successful.
A person becomes more responsible in order to become a better person.
If a person keeps his own counsel, he will feel wise.
A person runs a check in order to find out what is going on.
If a person walks briskly, he will feel alert.
If a person relaxes by others's side, he will feel content.
If a person does a job well, he will feel proud.
If a person explains the reasons, he is seen as reasonable.
A person prepares to begin a journey in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person's career takes off, he will feel fulfilled.
A person hires a lawyer in order to protect his rights.
A person pays him a visit in order to talk to him.
If a person can drive well, he will feel confident.
If a person watches some cool shows, he will feel excited.
If a person wonders how things will work out, he will feel worried.
A person rushes toward others in order to talk to PersonY.
A person investigates a theory in order to learn more about the subject.
A person asks others to go home with him in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person learns how to listen, he is a better listener as a result.
If a person is packing for a trip, he will feel excited.
If a person admires others's shoes, he wants to have shoes like PersonY.
If a person has a lot of ideas, he is creative as a result.
If a person surfs to a website, he will feel entertained.
If a person follows his logic, he will feel wise.
If a person really enjoys others’s company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person looks up the bird in order to find out more about the bird.
A person hugs others's family in order to make PersonY's family happy.
If a person's good fortune continues, he will feel happy.
If a person is overcome with anger, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person feels a need to work, he works hard as a result.
A person buys a house for himself in order to be independent.
If a person succeeds in his ambitions, he will feel satisfied.
If a person speaks about a serious topic, he will feel informed.
A person arranges others's appointment in order to help PersonY.
If a person dresses up for a night out, he will feel attractive.
If a person yawns and stretches, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to take a break, he will feel rested.
If a person completes a speech, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a terrible time, he will feel unhappy.
If a person is taken care of, he is happy as a result.
If a person talks to others's co-worker, he learns about PersonY's co-worker as a result.
If a person shows concern for others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person reads all about it in order to know more about the topic.
If a person gets a birthday present, he will feel pleased.
A person puts on his jacket in order to go outside.
If a person makes a surprise birthday party for others, he will feel excited.
A person brings others up-to-date in order to help PersonY.
If a person is watching a TV program, he will feel entertained.
If a person got shot, he is in the hospital as a result.
If a person finally gets help, he feels better as a result.
If a person is raised in poverty, he will feel deprived.
If a person trains for years, he will feel determined.
If a person realizes success, he is happy as a result.
If a person connects the dots, he will feel satisfied.
If a person experiences an internal conflict, he feels stressed as a result.
If a person convinces others to come home, he will feel satisfied.
If a person cannot stand it any longer, he wants to quit.
If a person supports international relief, he wants to help others.
A person plans to see the doctor in order to be healthy.
If a person receives congratulations, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes a home improvement, he will feel accomplished.
If a person hangs out with the guys, he has a good time as a result.
If a person and others start off right, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person heads out to the party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person decides to study the data, he learns to analyze data as a result.
A person examines the spider in order to understand the spider.
If a person has an emotional crisis, he wants to get help.
If a person is considering a job offer, he will feel hopeful.
If a person buys a new bed, he is pleased with his new bed as a result.
If a person comes to an agreement with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a hectic schedule, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person said a prayer, he will feel peaceful.
If a person says hello to someone on the street, he will feel friendly.
A person convinces others to marry in order to see PersonY happy.
If a person has a small break, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks about a better future, he will feel optimistic.
If a person learns about the past, he is enlightened as a result.
If a person is fed up with life, he wants to leave.
If a person wins at chess, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds in wooing others, he will feel confident.
If a person has a very good life, he will feel content.
If a person solves the problem, he will feel competent.
A person avoids the crowds in order to be alone.
A person peeks into the door in order to see what is on the other side.
If a person has a new perspective on life, he is more open-minded as a result.
If a person likes some music, he buys some music as a result.
A person changes the system in order to make the system better.
If a person falls down while running, he is hurt as a result.
If a person plays the leading role, he will feel in control.
A person drives to personY’s home in order to see personY.
A person participates in a tradition in order to be part of a community.
If a person goes to shul, he will feel connected.
A person tries to reach out to others in order to be a good person.
If a person feels that someone is looking at her, he wants to find out who is looking at her.
If a person is planning to take a rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person fills a bucket with water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person drives to the playground, he plays with the kids as a result.
If a person has a long-standing relationship, he will feel committed.
If a person convinces others to talk, he will feel confident.
If a person gets good advice, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is curious about others's friends, he wants to meet PersonY's friends.
If a person becomes a master, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a good workout, he will feel satisfied.
If a person can't deal with the situation, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is more careful, he will feel less likely to get hurt.
If a person is worried that others will mind, he will feel anxious.
If a person listens to the instruction, he does the task as a result.
If a person prepares a presentation, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a good job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes up a seat, he will feel comfortable.
A person takes care of his things in order to be tidy.
If a person defuses a crisis at work, he will feel calm.
If a person suffers at school, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person gets a good workout, he will feel strong.
If a person spends some time in the sun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is a nice person, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person finally got what they deserved, he is satisfied as a result.
A person studies personY’s mannerisms in order to know personY better.
If a person relaxes at the pool, he will feel happy.
If a person had a good life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person learns to live for herself, he will feel liberated.
A person announces that he is leaving in order to move on.
If a person discusses the issue, he will feel interested.
If a person gets a snack, he will feel satisfied.
If a person identifies the problem, he fixes the problem as a result.
If a person is preparing for a job interview, he wants to get a job.
A person begins to talk in order to communicate with others.
If a person is deeply saddened, he is in tears as a result.
If a person examines the product, he will feel interested.
If a person works things out, he will feel confident.
If a person arranges for something to be taken care of, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others watch television, he is entertained as a result.
A person being a good host in order to make sure that everyone is comfortable.
If a person is kind to himself, he will feel happy.
If a person looks through the drawer, he will feel curious.
If a person eliminates others’s biggest rival, he will feel victorious.
If a person learns to find an answer, he will feel enlightened.
If a person is the high commander, he will feel powerful.
If a person takes others out to a fancy dinner, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person takes the class in order to learn more.
A person goes for walks in order to be active.
If a person learns a lot, he will feel enlightened.
If a person sets an example for others, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person listens with care, he will feel attentive.
If a person expects it to last for a long time, he will feel confident.
If a person investigates the situation, he wants to know more.
A person visits her old friends in order to remember her old friends.
If a person has a new hobby, he wants to keep up with his new hobby.
If a person is stressed by studying, he will feel tired.
If a person receives congratulations, he feels happy as a result.
A person protests in the streets in order to make a difference.
A person contributes to household tasks in order to help out.
If a person finds that he is tolerated, he is accepted by his peers as a result.
If a person performs tasks, he will feel useful.
If a person notices that the chidren are acting up, he wants to get the children to behave.
If a person finishes doing his homework, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has something good happen, he will feel excited.
If a person does something about it, he will feel determined.
If a person thinks someone might shoot him, he will feel scared.
If a person has an excellent job, he will feel confident.
If a person can't deal with it, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person tries to see the positive side, he will feel hopeful.
If a person spends his holiday with friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person indulges in a pep talk, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries to outsmart her, he will feel intelligent.
If a person gives a good lesson, he will feel satisfied.
If a person catches others cheating on others, he tells PersonY to stop as a result.
If a person begins a big project, he will feel excited.
If a person works on his hobby, he will feel content.
If a person hurts his foot, he is in pain as a result.
If a person learns about bikes, he will feel interested.
A person gives others a phone call in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person and others went to the opera, he and PersonY liked the opera as a result.
If a person does some web surfing, he learns how to use the Internet as a result.
If a person's bed is comfortable, he will feel content.
A person goes up to others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person receives favorable service, he will feel satisfied.
If a person notices someone's absence, he wants to find out who is missing.
If a person chooses wisely, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a nice walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has no time to wait, he is in a hurry as a result.
A person prepares personY for an interview in order to help personY.
If a person is back on track, he will feel confident.
A person tries to understand ObjectZ in order to learn more about ObjectZ.
If a person makes a plan, he wants to see his plan through.
If a person is a successful surgeon, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides on an exciting vacation, he will feel pleased.
If a person has enough of the present situation, he wants to change the situation.
If a person is busy in the office, he will feel productive.
If a person is recommended for a job, he wants to get the job.
If a person gets in an argument, he will feel annoyed.
A person decides to have a shower in order to be clean.
If a person researches a problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person succeeds in an adventure, he will feel pleased.
A person is teaching others how to use software in order to help PersonY.
A person stays home to take care of the children in order to be a good parent.
A person sets sail in order to see the world.
If a person meets a good friend, he wants to hang out with that friend.
A person writes down something others says in order to remember what PersonY said.
A person treats well others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person falls down and hurts herself, he is in pain as a result.
If a person grows and learns, he will feel smart.
If a person believes others's instructions, he wants to follow PersonY's instructions.
If a person is bailed out of jail, he will feel relieved.
If a person becomes wary, he is careful as a result.
If a person visits others and PersonZ, he gets to know PersonY and PersonZ as a result.
If a person gets into it, he will feel amused.
If a person is rewarded for something he or she did, he will feel pleased.
A person thinks about buying a new bed in order to be comfortable.
If a person leaves with a smile, he will feel satisfied.
A person makes the move in order to take the initiative.
A person mends the dress in order to make the dress better.
If a person sits on a cushion, he will feel relaxed.
A person does others’s homework in order to help PersonY.
A person acts sensibly in order to do the right thing.
If a person performs an act of charity, he will feel satisfied.
A person wakes up the baby in order to make sure the baby is okay.
If a person enters a supermarket, he wants to buy some food.
If a person cares for others's feeling, he wants to take care of PersonY.
If a person's father buys  a ticket, he gets to go to the movies as a result.
If a person has an offer to tour China, he decides to go as a result.
If a person suggests an experiment, he wants to see the results.
If a person admits it was wrong, he wants to apologize.
If a person studies to pass the exam, he will feel motivated.
If a person plans to lead an active life, he wants to play sports.
A person spends time in prayer in order to be in touch with God.
A person practices his photography in order to be a good photographer.
If a person gets information on others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person thinks that others is in a trap, he wants to get PersonY out of the trap.
A person is on others’s speed dial in order to be available to PersonY.
If a person accepts others's congratulations, he will feel good.
If a person becomes a success, he gets promoted as a result.
A person makes a call on the telephone in order to speak to someone.
If a person gets into a row, he will feel annoyed.
If a person enjoys a day at the zoo, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a quiet morning, he will feel relaxed.
If a person decides to do a good deed, he will feel good.
If a person’s family needs him, he wants to be with his family.
If a person feels burdened by guilt, he wants to be free of guilt.
A person waters plants in order to keep the plants alive.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he will feel excited.
If a person buys a new house, he is happy as a result.
If a person scores the winning point, he will feel happy.
A person attempts to communicate in order to get a message across.
If a person withdraws from all activities, he wants to be left alone.
If a person hangs out with their friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person is diagnosed, he takes medicine as a result.
A person threatens to buy a gun in order to be able to protect himself.
If a person learns to be assertive, he will feel confident.
If a person considers having a child, he will feel hopeful.
If a person lands a place, he will feel happy.
A person takes a math class in order to be good at math.
If a person regrets her choice, he wants to make a different choice.
If a person meets with others’s mother, he learns about PersonY’s family as a result.
If a person cleans up the office, he will feel productive.
If a person took a break from his job, he will feel rested.
If a person and others are planning to go camping, he will feel excited.
If a person takes a special interest in others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
A person is planning to go abroad in order to see the world.
If a person puts on a good show, he will feel confident.
If a person finds the right service, he will feel fulfilled.
A person and others try to solve a problem in order to make a difference.
If a person puts on a new coat, he will feel cool.
If a person devotes himself to helping the poor, he will feel inspired.
If a person is winning, he will feel confident.
If a person spends a pleasant day with others, he will feel happy.
If a person acquires expertise, he will feel satisfied.
If a person notices something unsettling, he investigates as a result.
If a person brings things to a finish, he will feel accomplished.
If a person receives a complaint, he investigates the complaint as a result.
If a person has a big fight, he will feel angry.
If a person decides to enjoy herself, he will feel fulfilled.
A person thinks before she acts in order to make the right decision.
If a person starts a relationship, he will feel hopeful.
If a person considers options, he wants to make a decision.
If a person gets quite a deal, he will feel happy.
If a person sometimes has trouble sleeping, he will feel restless.
If a person shivers in the cold, he wants to be warm.
A person considers others’s feelings in order to be considerate.
A person ties the shoelace in order to make sure the shoelace is tied.
A person develops a profile in order to know more about the people he is investigating.
If a person considers possibilities, he will feel curious.
A person writes a short note to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person is taken to a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person studies others's genealogy in order to know more about PersonY.
A person explores city streets in order to learn about the city.
If a person signs an oath, he swears to tell the truth as a result.
If a person buys a large house, he will feel satisfied.
A person is on a one-person mission in order to accomplish something on her own.
If a person finds a person of interest, he wants to know more about the person.
A person works hard at work, unlike others in order to be more productive.
If a person resolves a dilemma, he will feel confident.
If a person gets much better, he will feel happy.
If a person thinks of several plans, he will feel creative.
If a person prepares for the next stage, he will feel ready.
A person reads others's history in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he will feel nervous.
If a person learns from his mistake, he wants to make sure it doesn't happen again.
If a person has a surprise birthday party for others, he wants to make sure PersonY has a good time.
A person attempts to read few books in order to improve her knowledge.
If a person decided to hang out, he meets a friend as a result.
A person looks over the notes in order to understand the notes.
If a person is firing on all cylinders, he will feel successful.
If a person is a dedicated student, he is successful in school as a result.
A person tried to find a way in order to succeed.
If a person has always been interested, he wants to learn more.
If a person has horrible nightmares, he will feel terrified.
If a person searches for the real identity of others, he wants to know the truth.
If a person discusses future plans with others, he wants to do more with PersonY.
If a person discovers a new interest, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes others to an event, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
A person joins a seminar in order to learn more about the subject.
A person calls personY in order to talk to personY.
If a person really enjoys others’s help, he will feel supported.
A person goes to visit 's mother in order to be with his mother.
If a person does his chores, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is punched, he is injured as a result.
If a person realizes that a mistake has been made, he makes the correction as a result.
If a person enjoys a lavish lifestyle, he will feel content.
If a person goes to another family event, he meets other family members as a result.
A person participates in the party in order to be part of the group.
A person was just about to walk away in order to be free.
If a person reads newspapers, he will feel informed.
A person performs a service in order to help people.
If a person regrets the mistake, he wants to make amends.
A person tries to explain things to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person takes English classes, he learns to speak English as a result.
If a person dances on the stage, he will feel excited.
If a person goes into rehab, he wants to stay clean.
If a person learns from the experience, he will feel satisfied.
If a person talks to others about faith, he wants to know more about PersonY's faith.
If a person visits the factory, he learns about the factory as a result.
A person volunteers for the PTA in order to be involved in the community.
A person has dinner with family in order to spend time with his family.
If a person becomes a new teacher, he teaches new material as a result.
If a person convinces others to buy a car, he will feel confident.
A person is about to move in order to move to a new place.
If a person finds a nice place to relax, he will feel content.
A person and others try to solve a problem in order to get to the bottom of the problem.
If a person agrees to volunteer, he wants to do something good.
A person works like a machine in order to be productive.
If a person is good at arguing, he will feel confident.
If a person imagines something being different, he wants to make it different.
If a person invites others to a meeting, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person accepts others's congratulations, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets ready for a party, he is happy to go to the party as a result.
A person washes his face in order to be clean.
A person takes a night course in order to improve her knowledge.
A person begins planning in order to prepare for the next task.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel committed.
If a person worries about how their cat is feeling, he wants to take care of their cat.
If a person sends greetings on email, he will feel good.
If a person loves what others does, he wants to do what PersonY does.
If a person enjoys a private conversation with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks about quitting job, he will feel anxious.
A person calls his parents in order to hear his parents' voices.
If a person is offered a great job, he wants to work for the company.
If a person becomes inspired, he wants to make a difference.
If a person comes to others's room, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person puts one over on others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person regrets losing his temper, he wants to control his temper.
If a person has a horrible day, he will feel depressed.
If a person makes lots of friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person makes two new friends, he will feel accepted.
If a person asks to be treated nicely, he is treated nicely as a result.
If a person watches a movie on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person is astounded by it, he wants to see it again.
If a person cures a patient, he will feel accomplished.
If a person likes his car, he wants to keep his car.
If a person tries to reach out to others, he is more social as a result.
If a person learns about honesty, he tells the truth as a result.
If a person is faced with a question, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person is going to come into money, he will feel confident.
If a person has a good time with others, he will feel delighted.
If a person finds it rather hot, he wants to cool off.
If a person feels guilty about something, he wants to make amends.
If a person learns to use the internet, he is better at using the internet as a result.
If a person continues studying statistics, he will feel motivated.
If a person is reconciled with others, he will feel peaceful.
If a person purchases the goods, he will feel happy.
If a person meets a nice stranger, he will feel happy.
A person avoids reporting a violation in order to avoid the consequences.
A person raises the standard of living in order to make life better for everyone.
If a person acquires a piece of knowledge, he will feel smart.
A person plans to leave the country in order to start a new life.
If a person is in a long-term relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person makes the play, he will feel confident.
If a person joins the Church, he will feel inspired.
If a person is tired of being interrupted, he wants to be left alone.
If a person goes to a grocery store, he buys a few items as a result.
If a person respects others’s personality, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person plays the violin, he is good at playing the violin as a result.
If a person makes a pile of money, he will feel successful.
If a person talks to others with a straight face, he is seen as a serious person as a result.
If a person gets a hunch about others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person cannot move forward, he will feel stuck.
If a person raises an interesting question, he wants to discuss the question.
If a person reads books about Proust, he will feel interested.
A person takes others to movies in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person promises others not to get angry in order to keep PersonY happy.
A person wrote to others in order to tell PersonY something.
A person prepares the papers for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person invites her mom to dinner, he wants to have a nice dinner.
If a person hates the way that others talks, he wants to hear PersonY talk differently.
If a person meets an important goal, he will feel proud.
If a person attends a symphony, he enjoys the music as a result.
If a person reaches a goal, he will feel happy.
If a person's health deteriorates, he will feel concerned.
A person decides to pay back in order to make amends.
If a person closes deal, he will feel successful.
If a person eats a large meal, he will feel full.
If a person speaks in others's behalf, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person decides to be good, he becomes a better person as a result.
If a person chooses to wear clothing, he will feel warm.
If a person is smart enough to know, he knows how to solve a problem as a result.
If a person tries to have a good time, he has a good time as a result.
If a person meets the requirements, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person investigates the crime, he will feel alert.
If a person crawls into bed with others, he will feel close.
If a person buys a ticket to travel, he is happy to travel as a result.
If a person enrolls in art school, he will feel inspired.
If a person turns over a new leaf, he is more responsible as a result.
A person gets out of the kitchen in order to do something else.
A person joins the peace march in order to help the environment.
If a person feels lousy, he wants to feel better.
If a person tries to outsmart others, he will feel smart.
If a person sticks to it, he will feel confident.
If a person does things for other people, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoyed an evening party, he will feel content.
If a person makes a presentation to the board of directors, he is seen as competent.
If a person learns a new skill, he wants to practice that skill.
A person writes letters to everyone in order to communicate with everyone.
If a person ends up loving it, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person tries to get a good job, he gets a good job as a result.
A person asks more questions in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person receives a death threat, he will feel scared.
If a person is great at giving feedback, he will feel competent.
If a person becomes successful, he has a good reputation as a result.
If a person shows concern for others, he wants to make PersonY feel better.
If a person eats a good dinner, he feels full as a result.
If a person is recognized for having made an outstanding achievement, he will feel happy.
A person made a big effort to be friendly in order to be liked.
If a person orders some food from a particular restaurant, he will feel happy.
If a person does something for someone else, he will feel happy.
A person gets his hands on the book in order to find out what is in the book.
If a person has been up all night writing, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a new love, he will feel happy.
If a person watches baseball on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person learns a new dance step, he is a better dancer as a result.
If a person answers with a smile, he will feel happy.
A person goes into the coffee shop in order to get a cup of coffee.
If a person enjoys a great feast, he will feel happy.
If a person walks out of the room, he wants to be alone.
If a person puts things in order, he is happy as a result.
If a person overcomes evil with a new lifestyle, he has a happy life as a result.
If a person starts to fall in love, he wants to be with her.
If a person uses his money wisely, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is taking a class at school, he learns a new skill as a result.
If a person learns why other people are so important, he learns to appreciate other people as a result.
If a person looks it up, he is curious as a result.
If a person sees a therapist and starts seeing things more clearly, he will feel enlightened.
If a person searches the news, he wants to know what's going on.
If a person gets out of a tight spot, he feels relieved as a result.
If a person’s emotions are hurt, he is angry as a result.
If a person begins to thrive, he becomes more confident as a result.
If a person does good a job, he is seen as dependable.
If a person is making progress, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks about the meaning of life, he wants to find the meaning of life.
If a person takes care of themselves, he feels better as a result.
A person works harder than ever in order to be the best.
If a person dances to Michael Jackson, he will feel excited.
If a person has found the answer, he is pleased as a result.
If a person decides to marry again, he will feel happy.
If a person realizes the elephant is missing, he wants to find the elephant.
If a person continues to write reports, he will feel motivated.
If a person's purpose is completed, he feels accomplished as a result.
If a person reads a note that contains important information, he wants to find out what the note says.
If a person doesn't want to seem violent, he wants to seem nice.
A person stops to pick flowers in order to enjoy the flowers.
A person requests that others stop in order to be left alone.
If a person accidentally falls, he gets hurt as a result.
A person wishes to return home in order to be close to his family.
If a person travels to the library, he reads a book as a result.
If a person takes vacation, he will feel rested.
If a person completes a trek, he will feel accomplished.
A person begins an investigation in order to solve a mystery.
If a person is facing a dilemma, he wants to make a decision.
If a person regrets making a promise, he will feel ashamed.
A person talks to her children in order to know how her children are doing.
A person sends a loving message in order to make someone happy.
If a person practices dance, he will feel creative.
If a person does something nice for others, he will feel happy.
A person prepares to work out in order to be in shape.
If a person starts reading a book, he will feel intrigued.
If a person becomes a winner, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives a personal gift, he will feel appreciated.
If a person’s situation starts to get serious, he will feel scared.
A person takes one of the books in order to read a book.
If a person vomits on the floor, he will feel disgusted.
If a person likes to spend time with others, he gets closer to PersonY as a result.
If a person and others buy it together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person signs up for a study, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person offers a prayer of thanksgiving, he will feel blessed.
If a person reads the text, he knows what it says as a result.
If a person takes a trip to the movies, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets the job done, he will feel accomplished.
A person continues his plans in order to achieve his goals.
If a person is amazed by some evidence, he wants to investigate the evidence.
If a person is facing a dilemma, he will feel frustrated.
If a person gets on track, he will feel motivated.
If a person ponders others’s question, he will feel thoughtful.
A person looks up a Web site in order to find out more about the Web site.
A person attends a therapy session in order to improve his mental health.
If a person wonders about others’s feelings, he wants to find out what PersonY is thinking.
If a person values others's words, he listens to PersonY as a result.
If a person finds something very interesting, he becomes excited as a result.
If a person enters a support group, he learns to cope with his problems as a result.
If a person try to guess what is going on, he will feel curious.
If a person keeps to the rules, he will feel disciplined.
A person talks to a lawyer in order to get legal advice.
If a person was given the orders to conquer Europe, he will feel determined.
If a person has a really tough time, he will feel worried.
If a person puts everything away, he will feel organized.
If a person has a pretty good time, he is happy as a result.
A person makes others the centre of attention in order to make PersonY feel special.
If a person pays attention to the sickly others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person continues to go for his degree, he will feel motivated.
A person learns to spell in order to improve his skills.
If a person has got some odd jobs, he has made some money as a result.
If a person goes into an engineering class, he will feel interested.
If a person grows a garden, he has fresh vegetables as a result.
If a person finds a job in town, he wants to stay in town.
If a person learns something interesting, he will feel amazed.
If a person is doing well in their job, he will feel pleased.
If a person overcomes temptation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person uses the software correctly, he will feel successful.
A person hires someone to work for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person sinks to a new low, he is miserable as a result.
A person and others are planning to go camping in order to go camping and PersonY wants to spend time with PersonX.
If a person has an excellent time, he will feel thrilled.
If a person tries to take a walk, he will feel energetic.
If a person provides for the greater good, he will feel satisfied.
A person talks to her dad in order to have a conversation with her father.
A person goes to the garden in order to get some fresh air.
A person continues his ritual in order to keep the old habits.
If a person grows in importance, he is promoted as a result.
If a person chooses not to let the past dominate the present, he will feel free.
If a person likes a person, he wants to know more about the person.
A person continues on her way in order to reach her destination.
If a person stands up to the boss, he will feel strong.
If a person lays awake at night, he will feel anxious.
A person pursues a career in order to have a better future.
If a person has been accepted by local people, he is popular as a result.
A person rewrites the scenario in order to improve the scenario.
If a person has an important business deal, he will feel confident.
A person tries to put on makeup in order to look good.
If a person and others begin a new partnership, he and PersonY are both happy as a result.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he will feel confident.
If a person receives medication, he feels better as a result.
If a person decides to study for his class, he will feel motivated.
A person puts an end to a quarrel in order to keep the peace.
If a person fears contamination, he wants to be clean.
A person studies the refrigerator in order to know how to use the refrigerator.
If a person does some digging, he will feel motivated.
If a person feels strongly about something, he wants to speak up.
If a person feels bad about it, he wants to feel better.
If a person is an excellent dresser, he will feel beautiful.
If a person prays in private, he is in a state of deep prayer as a result.
If a person starts running, he will feel energized.
A person trains long hours in order to be a better person.
A person reads every book in order to learn everything.
If a person is having a conflict, he will feel annoyed.
If a person begins to apply his knowledge, he learns more as a result.
If a person reads a book and dislikes it, he does not read another book as a result.
If a person succeeds in wooing others, he will feel pleased.
A person decides to live on in order to be self sufficient.
A person examines the lamp in order to know more about the lamp.
If a person always thinks of others in a good light, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person eats the delicious food, he is satisfied as a result.
A person takes a bike ride in order to get exercise.
If a person takes up jogging, he will feel energetic.
If a person realizes the significance of her mistake, he wants to learn from her mistake.
If a person has a family emergency, he wants to go home.
If a person plans to ask others for help, he gets advice from PersonY as a result.
A person organizes a symposium in order to share his knowledge.
If a person likes physical activity, he wants to go to the gym.
If a person uses lotion on her hands, he will feel clean.
If a person meets a new doctor, he gets a checkup as a result.
If a person gets through the worst of it, he feels better as a result.
If a person practices shooting, he wants to shoot better.
If a person puts his plan into action, he will feel motivated.
A person takes a writing class in order to improve her writing skills.
If a person is jogging outside, he will feel fit.
If a person encounters others after, he gets a chance to talk to PersonY as a result.
A person moves out of the neighborhood in order to be independent.
If a person becomes displeased, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person and others are in a happy mood, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person has committed a mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person gets a better job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person does well in a job interview, he will feel confident.
If a person settles a score, he will feel relieved.
A person helps others get dressed in order to help PersonY.
If a person begins to doubt, he will feel anxious.
A person shares his information in order to be helpful.
If a person attended a celebration, he will feel content.
If a person has a productive day, he feels happy as a result.
If a person suffers a heavy loss, he will feel upset.
If a person doesn't like what happened, he feels angry as a result.
If a person ate a juicy steak, he will feel satisfied.
If a person serves his purpose, he will feel successful.
A person decided to hang out in order to spend time with his friends.
If a person sees someone suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person is given a position of power, he will feel strong.
If a person finishes his food, he feels full as a result.
If a person keeps to her routine, he will feel organized.
If a person seeks knowledge, he learns something new as a result.
If a person and others get angry, he and PersonY get into a fight as a result.
A person listens to others's comment in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
If a person examines others’s past, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person trains his servant well, he gets a good servant as a result.
If a person notices the beautiful sunset, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys the beautiful weather, he wants to go outside.
A person decides to buy a boat in order to be able to sail.
If a person plays with the music box, he will feel calm.
If a person is good enough, he will feel confident.
If a person goes to dance class, he gets fit as a result.
A person had made plans for others in order to be ready for PersonY.
If a person is learning how to read, he is reading well as a result.
A person listens with care in order to understand.
If a person is taught lessons, he will feel trained.
If a person begins traveling, he becomes a world traveler as a result.
If a person appears good-natured, he will feel cheerful.
If a person trains at the gym, he gets fit as a result.
If a person realizes the fun that can be had, he will feel excited.
A person works out a schedule in order to organize her time.
If a person shares his life story, he is seen as interesting.
If a person sees that he made a mistake, he will feel guilty.
If a person has a lovely day, he will feel relaxed.
A person began to form a plan in order to get the job done.
If a person discovers a new treat, he will feel delighted.
A person has stood firm in others's life in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person explores an area, he learns about the area as a result.
If a person finds a safe space, he will feel calm.
If a person buys a copy of his own book, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on the home computer, he will feel productive.
If a person gets some work done, he will feel happy.
A person congratulates a friend in order to make someone happy.
If a person takes part in an argument, he gets angry as a result.
If a person has a disturbing dream, he is frightened as a result.
If a person reports her apartment burglarized, he wants to find the burglar.
If a person acquires knowledge, he will feel enlightened.
If a person gains some confidence, he will feel happy.
If a person relaxes on the weekend, he will feel happy.
A person tries to open a window in order to get fresh air.
A person works just as hard as others in order to be just as good as PersonY.
If a person studies ancient history, he will feel curious.
If a person feels like he's winning, he is confident as a result.
If a person bets on wrong horse, he wants to bet on the right horse.
If a person finds herself in the movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person realizes he made a mistake, he wants to make amends.
A person asks a hard question in order to know the truth.
If a person wants to make others happy, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person decides to study law, he gets into law school as a result.
If a person sees something interesting, he is impressed as a result.
If a person thinks of applying for a job, he will feel hopeful.
A person follows someone in order to find out what the person is doing.
If a person launches a campaign, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person lets anger get the best of him, he will feel frustrated.
If a person sorts out documents, he will feel organized.
If a person attempts to sweet-talk others, he wants to get PersonY to like him.
A person takes his car in for service in order to keep his car in good condition.
If a person agrees to a plan, he wants to follow through.
A person takes an important test in order to pass the test.
If a person is out dancing, he will feel good.
If a person admires the temple, he wants to visit the temple.
If a person doesn't want to disappoint others, he doesn't disappoint PersonY as a result.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stops quarreling, he will feel calm.
A person decides to take a walk in order to get some fresh air.
A person brings up the online discussion in order to know what other people think.
A person arranges to see others again in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person is enjoying a good book, he will feel peaceful.
If a person gets rehired, he is happy as a result.
If a person continues her education, he will feel motivated.
A person interviews people in order to find out more about people.
If a person obtains a good night's sleep, he will feel refreshed.
A person decided to take care of the matter in order to be responsible.
A person watches others and his disciple as they fight in order to see how PersonY fights.
If a person receives a death threat, he is afraid as a result.
If a person is going to keep on cooking, he wants to cook for others.
If a person is believed to be honest, he is trusted by others as a result.
If a person asks directly, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person enjoys a peaceful moment, he will feel content.
If a person's neighbors threaten , he will feel frightened.
If a person visits others’s website, he learns about PersonY’s work as a result.
If a person wants to move beyond these feelings, he wants to take action.
If a person asks about the rumor, he wants to know the truth.
If a person returns to her home, he feels at home as a result.
A person goes to see others in the hospital in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person is unhappy about the past, he wants to change the past.
If a person tries to work out something, he will feel motivated.
If a person questions what is going on, he will feel confused.
A person gets a glass of water in order to be hydrated.
A person has left the area in order to move on.
If a person has a good summer, he will feel accomplished.
If a person knows what to do next, he does what he should as a result.
A person rushes to the library in order to read a book.
If a person takes a short vacation, he will feel refreshed.
If a person goes shopping for presents, he buys presents for her family as a result.
If a person carries out the program, he wants to get better.
If a person spends time at the office, he will feel productive.
A person makes a new move in order to try something new.
If a person promises to do his homework, he will feel motivated.
If a person drinks a bottle of wine, he will feel tipsy.
If a person arrives at a spa, he wants to relax.
A person checks on the kids in order to make sure the kids are okay.
If a person eventually gets her degree, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes a walk through the park in order to enjoy nature.
If a person hears something bad about someone, he is upset as a result.
If a person believes in a better future, he wants to help the future.
If a person appreciates all the work others does, he will feel happy.
If a person has a nice party, he will feel happy.
If a person attracts a mate, he will feel happy.
A person is going to be speaking in order to share his knowledge.
If a person expects to move soon, he will feel hopeful.
If a person likes a band’s CD, he buys the CD as a result.
If a person learns from a mistake, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
A person visits friends in the hospital in order to be there for his friends.
If a person almost comes to blows, he will feel angry.
If a person regrets the whole idea, he wants to give up.
If a person is interested in what happened, he knows more about the event as a result.
If a person is about to try again, he will feel determined.
A person readies to fight others in order to defend himself.
If a person loses a battle of wills, he will feel defeated.
If a person's sister is in town, he wants to see his sister.
If a person fears that he will be blamed, he will feel anxious.
If a person gains some friends, he will feel good.
If a person completes the job, he is seen as hardworking.
A person buys others the bike in order to help PersonY.
If a person watches a music video, he is entertained as a result.
If a person succeeds in a difficult enterprise, he will feel accomplished.
If a person bends down to kiss others, he will feel happy.
If a person ends up back in the hospital, he is treated for his injuries as a result.
A person shows others around in order to help PersonY.
A person writes a letter to his spouse in order to share his feelings.
If a person spends time in the park, he has fun as a result.
If a person studies in depth what others said, he understands PersonY’s opinion as a result.
A person tries his hand at cooking in order to be able to cook.
If a person is sexy and seductive, he is popular with the ladies as a result.
A person encourages others to write in order PersonY to express himself.
If a person and others go to a baseball game, he and PersonY enjoy the game as a result.
If a person values others’s relationship, he wants to maintain the relationship.
If a person leads an amazing life, he will feel fulfilled.
A person tries to do the job in order to be a good employee.
If a person hits the books, he is a good student as a result.
A person decides to become an entrepreneur in order to be self sufficient.
If a person takes refuge in solitude, he will feel calm.
If a person's plan works, he will feel confident.
A person reads others's statement in order to know what PersonY is saying.
If a person starts the argument, he will feel angry.
If a person pays attention to the past, he learns to appreciate the past as a result.
If a person has the presence of mind to think, he will feel calm.
If a person finds someone to blame, he wants to get revenge.
If a person thinks about giving up, he will feel hopeless.
If a person has a horrible nightmare, he is scared as a result.
If a person practices listening, he improves his listening skills as a result.
If a person feels sympathetic to others, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person makes a great deal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person laments the decision, he wants to make a different decision.
If a person watches sport on television, he is interested in sport as a result.
If a person gets a shower, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person has a real good time, he will feel content.
A person decides on taking action in order to make a change.
If a person scores a victory, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to treat people fairly, he will feel compassionate.
If a person reads the articles, he will feel informed.
If a person wins in a bet, he is pleased as a result.
A person follows others's directions in order to do what PersonY says.
If a person is afraid of what others will think, he will feel anxious.
If a person takes up oil painting, he wants to paint more.
If a person has a very good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets used to sleeping alone, he starts to sleep better as a result.
If a person finds new work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person checks out others's record collection, he wants to listen to PersonY's music.
If a person finds something suspicious, he wants to report it.
A person and others both leave home in order to be independent and PersonY wants to be free.
A person provides housing for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person invents a new concept, he will feel pleased.
If a person prepares her course material, he will feel organized.
If a person comes to terms with his actions, he will feel at peace.
If a person has a romantic evening, he is pleased with her date as a result.
If a person likes the outdoors, he will feel peaceful.
A person spends time with relatives in order to be with family.
If a person thinks about learning a language, he will feel motivated.
A person studies the task in order to get better at the task.
A person attempts to resolve a conflict in order to be a peacemaker.
A person writes a short e-mail in order to be brief.
A person tries to speak in public in order to be heard.
If a person never gets discouraged, he will feel confident.
If a person builds a network, he has a network of friends as a result.
A person launches the rescue operation in order to save the hostages.
If a person comes home for the first time in years, he wants to see his family.
If a person finds out some information, he becomes more informed as a result.
If a person eats his supper, he is full as a result.
If a person requests others's presence, he gets to spend time with PersonY as a result.
If a person writes his weekly to-do list, he will feel motivated.
A person agrees to plan his future in order to be ready for the future.
If a person has a good time, he will feel delighted.
If a person hears some good news, he will feel excited.
If a person looks at others and smiles, he will feel content.
If a person practices their skill, he gets better at playing as a result.
If a person is repeatedly beset, he will feel helpless.
If a person grows tired of others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person takes up dancing, he will feel excited.
If a person can be totally at ease, he will feel happy.
If a person beats others at arm wrestling, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has multiple problems to solve, he will feel busy.
If a person gets a happy ending, he feels better as a result.
If a person receives a death threat, he is worried as a result.
If a person prefers it that way, he will feel content.
If a person gets into a fist fight, he will feel angry.
If a person is building an addition, he wants to get it done.
If a person is accepted into university, he will feel happy.
A person tries to investigate in order to learn more about the case.
If a person puts on a new sweater, he will feel comfortable.
If a person analyzes the data, he will feel interested.
A person does everything quickly in order to finish the task.
If a person corrects the deficiency, he will feel satisfied.
If a person completes a mental exercise, he will feel calm.
If a person and others visits the beach, he and PersonY enjoy the beach as a result.
If a person falls in love with others again, he wants to stay with PersonY.
If a person takes on a new mission, he will feel motivated.
A person takes a different course in order to explore a new direction.
If a person seizes the perfect moment, he will feel confident.
If a person achieves goals, he will feel happy.
If a person discovers others is a criminal, he wants to stop PersonY.
If a person gets in an argument with others, he will feel irritated.
If a person is lifted out of danger, he will feel relieved.
If a person picks out the right wine, he will feel confident.
A person reaches out to his father in order to reconnect with his father.
If a person returns to a familiar place, he will feel content.
A person signs up for MMA classes in order to get in shape.
A person undergoes a therapy in order to feel better.
A person takes others to meet the family in order to show PersonY that he has a family.
If a person has a gentle breeze blow over him, he feels relaxed as a result.
A person tests the bath water in order to know if the water is clean.
A person writes a note to his mother in order to tell his mother how he feels.
If a person is given the opportunity to help, he will feel good.
If a person harbors guilt, he wants to feel better.
If a person apologizes profusely, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person finally reaches the finish line, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is starting to learn, he will feel curious.
If a person does something for someone else, he will feel pleased.
If a person has no way to turn back, he continues on his way as a result.
If a person receives approval from others, he will feel confident.
If a person fights off depression, he recovers as a result.
If a person is at the movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person attends the opera, he enjoys the opera as a result.
If a person has had a lot of days, he is tired as a result.
A person has a meeting with a lawyer in order to resolve a legal issue.
If a person hangs out with family, he will feel content.
If a person consults the New York Times, he will feel curious.
If a person learns new self-defense skills, he is safer as a result.
If a person looks up information, he wants to know more.
A person will get married in a civil ceremony in order to have a legal marriage.
If a person has bought a house, he will feel happy.
If a person is on an adventure, he will feel excited.
A person goes into the next room in order to see what is in the next room.
If a person sees a good show, he will feel amazed.
If a person and others have similar opinions, he wants to agree with PersonY.
If a person responds to others's explanation, he wants to understand.
If a person has a special purpose, he wants to fulfill his purpose.
If a person tastes some delicious food, he wants to eat the food.
If a person peers over the shoulder of others, he will feel curious.
If a person rests in the park, he will feel relaxed.
If a person makes plans for a trip, he will feel content.
A person starts going to the library everyday in order to learn more.
If a person cleans up the meeting, he will feel successful.
A person visits her birthplace in order to see her roots.
A person goes to an art exhibit in order to learn about art.
If a person is competent, he will feel good.
If a person considers others's needs, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person and others dance a jig, he and PersonY are pleased as a result.
If a person is very successful, he will feel confident.
If a person gets an upset stomach, he wants to throw up.
A person helps with work in order to be helpful.
A person had to stop it right away in order to prevent something bad from happening.
If a person prepares to go fishing, he will feel excited.
If a person tries to understand politics, he will feel interested.
If a person feels that something is odd, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person puts everything to rest, he will feel calm.
A person polishes the toy in order to have a presentable toy.
If a person tries to interest others, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
A person is making plans in order to make plans for the future.
If a person is running out of food, he will feel hungry.
If a person is surrounded by friends, he will feel happy.
A person tries to work in order to be a good worker.
If a person's first victory, he will feel triumphant.
If a person starts to enjoy herself, he will feel satisfied.
If a person keeps the project on schedule, he will feel competent.
If a person investigates something, he wants to solve the mystery.
A person evades a punch in order to avoid getting hurt.
A person prepares the answers in order to get the answers right.
If a person's favorite song begins to play, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others go dancing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person performs for an appreciative audience, he will feel fulfilled.
A person gets into a car in order to go somewhere.
If a person has fun at work, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person goes to a new city, he wants to explore.
A person kisses others passionately in order to express her love for PersonY.
If a person enjoys his dinner, he will feel content.
If a person shares advice with others, he gets help from others as a result.
If a person works on it, he wants to get it done.
If a person becomes a famous concert pianist, he receives many fans as a result.
If a person takes part in an accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person gives a successful lecture, he is seen as intelligent.
A person talks to others about it in order to discuss the situation with PersonY.
If a person participates in activism, he will feel inspired.
If a person prepares others for a big day, he makes PersonY feel special as a result.
If a person and others made love, he will feel content.
If a person is well-dressed, he will feel good.
If a person works hard in school, he wants to get good grades.
If a person eats good food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person thinks things through, he will feel curious.
If a person celebrates a holiday with friends, he will feel joyful.
If a person gets help from the doctor, he gets better as a result.
A person carries out others's orders in order to obey PersonY.
If a person puts a long dress on, he will feel comfortable.
A person uses diplomacy in order to keep the peace.
If a person has a nice room, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to move back home in order to be close to her family.
A person has a quick bath in order to be clean.
If a person takes the kids to a movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person is looking at a beautiful scenery, he will feel delighted.
If a person becomes respected, he will feel confident.
If a person accepts others's explanation, he will feel understood.
A person wants to use a mobile phone in order to communicate with others.
A person tests the poison on himself in order to be sure that the poison is safe.
If a person will soon receive an award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person puts on the make-up, he will feel pretty.
If a person tries to improve self, he feels better about himself as a result.
If a person has an exciting experience, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person anticipates, he wants to be prepared.
If a person is welcomed into others's home, he feels comfortable in PersonY's home as a result.
If a person has a conflict with his boss, he will feel angry.
If a person gets things done, he is a great worker as a result.
If a person decides to go to the park, he will feel happy.
A person takes the car for a test drive in order to see how the car handles.
If a person's back is broken, he is in pain as a result.
A person examines his reflection in order to understand himself.
If a person works hard for the boss, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is bombarded by misfortune, he is upset as a result.
If a person is finally feeling better, he will feel content.
If a person is unable to control anger, he loses his temper as a result.
If a person becomes more and more confused, he will feel frustrated.
A person makes his own plans in order to be independent.
If a person listens for a long time, he will feel attentive.
If a person makes plans for a trip, he will feel happy.
If a person wins others's trust, he will feel confident.
If a person is picking up the pace, he will feel motivated.
If a person explains himself, he gets his point across as a result.
If a person has invested in a scheme, he wants to see a return on his investment.
A person exercises twice a day in order to stay healthy.
If a person is filled with a spirit of humaneness, he wants to be kind.
If a person senses trouble, he will feel anxious.
If a person notices the beautiful sunset, he wants to watch the sunset.
A person serves prison time and builds his muscle in order to be stronger.
If a person becomes a victim of violence, he is upset as a result.
If a person learns to use his power, he gains confidence as a result.
If a person wonders what's wrong with others, he wants to find out what's wrong with PersonY.
If a person has turned his life around, he wants to be a better person.
If a person solves the problem before others, he will feel in control.
If a person hangs out with his wife, he gets to know his wife better as a result.
If a person eats healthily, he will feel satisfied.
If a person prepares to begin a journey, he will feel excited.
A person declines to fight in order to avoid violence.
If a person worries about giving wrong opinions, he wants to give right opinions.
If a person goes running every day, he gets fit as a result.
If a person thanks others for the wine, he will feel happy.
If a person cleans up his act, he wants to be a better person.
If a person believes in the cause, he wants to work for the cause.
If a person isn't sleeping well, he will feel restless.
If a person gets accepted to grad school, he wants to stay in school.
If a person was stabbed, he will feel in pain.
If a person is full of bad memories, he will feel sad.
If a person was very convincing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to play the guitar, he wants to be a musician.
If a person plays with the other kids, he learns to play with others as a result.
If a person goes to the show, he enjoys the show as a result.
If a person discusses everyday topics, he has a good conversation as a result.
If a person studies about humanity, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person learns a great deal, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person eventually lost her temper, he wants to calm down.
If a person beats others at last, he will feel happy.
If a person tolerates others's mistakes, he will feel understanding.
If a person gains possession of the remote control, he will feel in control.
If a person's thing is broken, he wants to fix it.
If a person worries about others's welfare, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person performs for an appreciative audience, he will feel happy.
If a person dresses properly, he will feel neat.
If a person is suffering from a broken heart, he will feel depressed.
If a person is on the right track, he will feel motivated.
A person takes immediate action in order to get things done.
If a person is injured in a battle, he will feel in pain.
If a person takes the time to learn, he will feel enlightened.
A person wraps others in a blanket in order to keep PersonY warm.
If a person breaks out his guitar, he will feel creative.
If a person has her purse stolen, he wants to get her purse back.
If a person buys clothing, he is dressed well as a result.
If a person starts doing it, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets used to sleeping alone, he sleeps better as a result.
If a person begins to like the place, he will feel relaxed.
If a person rests in a pub, he will feel relaxed.
If a person thinks of a brilliant solution, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets dragged into it, he gets in trouble as a result.
A person participates in an online chat in order to communicate with people.
If a person subscribes to a sports magazine, he learns about sports as a result.
If a person gets a new job, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies the information, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person decides not to give in, he will feel strong.
If a person obtains help, he will feel pleased.
A person eats with her family in order to spend time with her family.
If a person takes care of her plants, he ’s plants thrive as a result.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result.
If a person is dissatisfied with the room, he wants to change the room.
A person sticks to his story in order to be truthful.
If a person gets a lead role in the school play, he is pleased as a result.
If a person learns to take the initiative, he wants to be a leader.
A person takes a good care of others in order to be a good friend.
A person practices flute in order to be good at music.
If a person mends his reputation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person plays with their friend, he will feel entertained.
A person introduces others to new technologies in order to help PersonY succeed.
If a person regrets his decisions, he wants to change his ways.
A person calls a family meeting in order to keep the family together.
If a person looks at the issue from different angles, he wants to see all sides of the issue.
If a person is ready, he will feel confident.
A person asks more questions in order to learn more.
If a person asked everyone in the audience, he wants to know what they think.
If a person exercises his body, he will feel healthy.
If a person has made a commitment to others, he wants to keep PersonY happy.
If a person invents something useful, he will feel happy.
If a person wants to be fair, he is impartial as a result.
If a person studies the piano, he learns to play the piano as a result.
If a person is getting in trouble, he wants to get out of trouble.
A person signs up for MMA classes in order to be a better fighter.
If a person thinks about religion, he will feel interested.
If a person finds new friends, he is happy as a result.
If a person watches a movie, he will feel entertained.
A person visits others's parents in order to get to know PersonY's family.
If a person gets flowers, he will feel pleased.
A person sheds excess baggage in order to be free of unnecessary possessions.
If a person gets a meal, he will feel nourished.
If a person knows how to live, he lives well as a result.
If a person has trouble with something, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is well-groomed, he will feel confident.
If a person receives a nasty letter, he will feel upset.
If a person finds that life is good, he will feel joyful.
If a person challenges others to a duel, he wants to win.
If a person beats others in a card game, he will feel superior.
If a person comes to grips with something, he will feel confident.
If a person embraces the opportunity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person pays someone a visit, he wants to talk to someone.
If a person sees a video, he will feel entertained.
A person is drinking a beverage in order to be refreshed.
If a person listens to the car radio, he will feel entertained.
If a person paints a perfect picture, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets his son back, he will feel happy.
If a person has a new problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person starts arguing with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person decides to do something nice for others, he buys PersonY a present as a result.
A person and others attend college in order to learn and PersonY wants to learn.
If a person questions his father, he wants to know more about his father.
If a person has a lovely view, he wants to enjoy the view.
A person works hard at work in order to get ahead.
If a person realizes that he or she is in love, he wants to tell his or her love.
If a person succeeds in others's mission, he will feel pleased.
A person waits for others to talk in order to know what PersonY is thinking.
If a person enjoys another's company, he will feel content.
If a person sends an inquiry, he wants to receive an answer.
If a person starts to suffer, he wants to feel better.
If a person shows off his new clothes, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a stance on an issue, he will feel strong.
If a person learns to be assertive, he will feel empowered.
If a person gets medication, he will feel better.
If a person is offered a meal, he wants to eat.
If a person pushes personY into a bed, he hurts personY as a result.
A person trains for years in order to be fit.
If a person prepares to go on a trip, he is excited about the trip as a result.
If a person peeks into the door, he wants to see what's on the other side.
If a person is making plans to meet others, he will feel excited.
If a person has a horrible day, he will feel frustrated.
If a person subscribes to a magazine, he will feel entertained.
If a person feel guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person escapes and reunites with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person sends a thank-you card, he will feel appreciated.
A person keeps reading the book in order to learn more about the book.
If a person does a very good job, he will feel pleased.
If a person is eating food, he is full as a result.
If a person speaks with others about it all, he learns to talk to PersonY as a result.
A person has to study for a test in order to do well on the test.
If a person starts doing better, he will feel encouraged.
If a person promises to save others, he will feel confident.
If a person asks about others's previous job, he wants to find out more about PersonY's past.
If a person gets a real job, he earns more money as a result.
A person asks a single question in order to understand the answer.
If a person starts noticing others's secret, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
A person studies a poem in order to understand the poem.
A person goes to a class in order to learn.
If a person has a sense of humor, he wants to be funny.
If a person gets a raise, he will feel happy.
If a person is taken to task, he will feel guilty.
If a person enjoys a late dinner, he will feel satisfied.
If a person questions the statement, he will feel uncertain.
A person shops at the market in order to buy food.
If a person makes his first sale, he will feel successful.
If a person starts acting as others wants him to, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
A person studies to prepare for the examination in order to do well in the examination.
A person went to the doctor's in order to feel better.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he relaxes as a result.
A person has a quick bath in order to feel clean.
If a person and others enjoy playing together, he will feel happy.
If a person performs a good deed, he will feel proud.
If a person learns how to play an instrument, he will feel pleased.
A person and others ask questions in order to learn and PersonY wants to know.
If a person hangs out with his friends, he will feel happy.
If a person finally masters the art, he will feel pleased.
If a person makes a good point, he is seen as smart.
If a person keeps calm and forces himself to focus, he will feel relaxed.
If a person receives the message, he reads the message as a result.
If a person works for a few months, he will feel busy.
A person considers setting off on a trip in order to see the world.
If a person tries new things, he learns new things as a result.
If a person can be seen taking steps to do, he will feel determined.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he will feel relaxed.
If a person scores the winning basket, he will feel happy.
If a person finishes a work-related project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person is being successful, he will feel happy.
If a person is one of the King's Men, he is given a high position as a result.
If a person creates something, he will feel creative.
If a person is stuck for words, he will feel confused.
If a person cannot relax, he will feel anxious.
If a person negotiates to stay, he will feel successful.
A person informs the people in order to make the people aware of the situation.
A person puts it in the right place in order to do the right thing.
If a person watches his thoughts, he is fascinated by his thoughts as a result.
If a person finally gets the dog to shut up, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes her responsibilities seriously, he will feel confident.
A person wants to see a lawyer in order to be informed about his rights.
A person takes part in a rally in order to be part of a movement.
If a person enjoys a long walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person starts going to the library everyday, he learns to read as a result.
A person walks around the street in order to explore the city.
If a person and others laugh at the same joke, he will feel happy.
If a person succeeds in convincing others, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys travel with others, he has a great time as a result.
If a person embarks on a holiday, he will feel joyful.
A person comes to an agreement with others in order to be on good terms with PersonY.
A person posts a message on the message board in order to get the message out.
If a person succeeds in wooing others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person found a new job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is poisoned by others, he dies as a result.
If a person questions the statement, he will feel skeptical.
A person embarks on a journey in order to experience new things.
If a person feels too tired, he wants to rest.
If a person suspects others of something, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person struggles with everyday tasks, he will feel frustrated.
If a person studies some things, he will feel curious.
If a person is on good terms with others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person checks in at the health club, he wants to stay in shape.
A person and others goes on a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person tries to straighten out her affairs, he will feel motivated.
A person fills out a questionnaire in order to be informed.
If a person gives a big hug, he will feel happy.
If a person starts with exercise, he will feel motivated.
A person thinks about trying out for the team in order to be a good athlete.
If a person does some work, he will feel motivated.
A person practices singing in order to improve her singing.
If a person is having a good time, he will feel content.
If a person went to the party, he will feel happy.
If a person makes it to the gym, he will feel healthy.
If a person thinks it’s great, he will feel excited.
If a person begins a relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to learn a language, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds it extremely pleasurable, he wants to keep doing it.
If a person feels uncertainty, he wants to be sure.
If a person keeps a promise to others, he will feel trustworthy.
A person thinks about his plans in order to achieve his goals.
If a person is sorry about it, he wants to be forgiven.
If a person reads a funny page, he will feel entertained.
If a person thanks others for the show of support, he will feel appreciated.
If a person thinks about changing his life, he is motivated to change as a result.
If a person goes on a special vacation, he is pleased with the vacation as a result.
A person quit her job in order to be independent.
If a person discovers a new treat, he wants to try it.
If a person stops lying to himself, he wants to tell the truth.
A person checks the locker in order to know what is in the locker.
If a person purchases a bottle of wine, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a good vacation, he will feel content.
If a person asks the questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person gets the sense that something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person starts to really relax, he is a more relaxed person as a result.
If a person starts liking others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person visits a spiritual leader, he gains spiritual knowledge as a result.
If a person gets on the move, he will feel energetic.
If a person will have to check that, he wants to make sure that everything is okay.
If a person meets a friend on the street, he wants to hang out with this friend.
If a person expands his mind, he will feel creative.
A person visits a sick friend in order to be there for a friend.
If a person visits others’s garden, he is impressed by PersonY’s garden as a result.
If a person is injured in an explosion, he is sent to the hospital as a result.
If a person is uncertain, he wants to be sure.
If a person cooks a good meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person addresses the situation, he wants to solve the problem.
A person encourages others to change career in order to see PersonY succeed.
A person researches an old book in order to find out more about the book.
If a person is dressed elegantly, he will feel elegant.
A person offers to do a good turn for others in order to be helpful.
A person tries to get a new job in order to earn more money.
If a person takes a relaxing walk, he will feel calm.
If a person has a bad life, he will feel miserable.
If a person wins a political argument, he will feel happy.
If a person learns about others's work, he is interested in PersonY's work as a result.
A person arranges a concert in order to entertain the audience.
If a person takes charge of the situation, he will feel confident.
If a person is enjoying a coffee with others, he will feel happy.
If a person has fallen and can't get up, he will feel helpless.
If a person and others celebrate the anniversary, he will feel joyful.
If a person suffers an embarrassing experience, he is ashamed as a result.
If a person overcomes difficulties, he will feel triumphant.
If a person has to try hard, he will feel motivated.
If a person resolves, he will feel peaceful.
If a person becomes the most powerful person, he will feel in control.
A person realizes that she must read books in order to be more intelligent.
If a person has a school project, he will feel motivated.
If a person starts to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person comes to believe that others is a murderer, he wants to stop PersonY from killing again.
If a person goes to an AA meeting, he wants to stay sober.
If a person sets out for a journey, he will feel eager.
If a person joins a political group, he wants to be more involved in the community.
A person misses class to go to the doctor in order to get better.
If a person ensures that others is going to be okay, he will feel confident.
If a person checks things off the list, he feels accomplished as a result.
If a person has a lot of fun, he will feel happy.
If a person attends a sporting event, he will feel entertained.
If a person mopes about the situation, he will feel frustrated.
If a person watches a popular TV show, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets it all right, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has gotten dressed, he will feel nice.
If a person wins the fight against others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person exercises more than five times a week, he will feel fit.
A person refrains from arguing in order to keep the peace.
A person chooses to leave home in order to experience life.
If a person is unable to focus, he will feel unfocused.
If a person hates the smoking, he wants to quit smoking.
If a person studies some things, he learns some things as a result.
A person prepares to begin in order to get ready for a new task.
If a person has a quick bath, he is clean as a result.
If a person tries her hand at sketching, he will feel creative.
If a person creates a long-term plan, he is more organized as a result.
If a person quits life of crime, he will feel free.
If a person and others wash their hands, he will feel clean.
If a person likes listening to the radio, he will feel content.
If a person realizes he has a choice, he wants to do what he wants.
A person helps her mother with some chores in order to be helpful.
If a person regrets his or her decision, he wants to do things differently.
If a person gets advice from mentor, he will feel enlightened.
A person has bought the ticket in order to see the movie.
If a person finally stands up to others, he will feel brave.
If a person uses state-of-the-art machines, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person pokes around, he wants to find out what's going on.
A person sets out on a hike in order to explore the wilderness.
If a person earns some respect, he will feel confident.
A person agrees to leave in order to be free.
A person puts a lot of time into it in order to do it well.
If a person keeps his focus, he will feel calm.
A person is an amateur radio operator in order to communicate with other people.
A person is drinking water in order to stay hydrated.
A person enjoys making plans in order to be prepared for the future.
If a person can go on a date, he will feel pleased.
If a person responds to others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
A person tries to talk about the problem in order to get the problem solved.
If a person becomes suspicious of others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person investigates noises in order to find out what is going on.
If a person has high ideals, he wants to be a good person.
If a person tries very hard, he wants to succeed.
If a person gets ready to go to school, he will feel eager.
If a person attends church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person has performed, he will feel confident.
If a person ate a full meal, he will feel full.
A person continues to fight in order to get stronger.
A person bathes regularly in order to be clean.
If a person has lived a long time in the same region, he will feel settled.
If a person plays the hero, he will feel victorious.
A person takes a picture of others in order to document PersonY.
If a person is forced to apologize, he will feel embarrassed.
If a person is prepared for the exams, he will feel confident.
If a person stands up for others in court, he will feel courageous.
If a person regrets on his mistake, he wants to make up for his mistake.
A person visits the doctor in order to get better.
If a person starts arguing with others, he will feel irritated.
If a person suffers a loss, he is sad as a result.
If a person learns more about himself, he wants to know more about himself.
If a person convinces others to work for him, he will feel victorious.
If a person reads everything, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person considers possibilities again, he will feel interested.
If a person settles his scores, he will feel vindicated.
A person sells some stuff in order to make money.
If a person hears good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person treats others to a dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person looks for jobs, he will feel motivated.
If a person kicks the ball around, he will feel excited.
If a person feels suspicious, he wants to find out what's going on.
If a person finds out that others is planning to leave, he wants to stop PersonY from leaving.
If a person enjoys a quiet evening, he will feel relaxed.
A person goes into therapy in order to talk about his problems.
If a person is taken care of, he feels loved as a result.
If a person convinces others of her feelings, he will feel satisfied.
A person insists on another recount in order to get the results right.
If a person plays nice with others, he will feel good.
A person spends a year at college in order to gain more knowledge.
If a person gets the good news, he will feel relieved.
If a person has lost someone, he will feel upset.
If a person joins an action committee, he will feel inspired.
A person goes to the water in order to feel refreshed.
If a person has survived all the perils, he is a winner as a result.
A person puts money into a retirement account in order to be financially secure.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he will feel relaxed.
If a person admits it was wrong, he will feel remorseful.
If a person has a frustrating day, he wants to feel better.
A person cleans her hands in order to feel clean.
A person pursues a master’s degree in order to be more intelligent.
If a person turns his life around, he wants to be a better person.
A person tries new dishes in order to expand her palate.
If a person goes to see a therapist, he wants to talk about his feelings.
If a person learns a martial art, he is able to defend himself as a result.
If a person let someone down, he will feel guilty.
If a person negotiates for a better salary, he will feel pleased.
A person moves out of the flat in order to be independent.
A person says what’s on his mind in order to be open and honest.
A person cooks and cleans in order to keep his house clean.
If a person submits his application, he wants to be accepted.
If a person gets what  wants, he will feel content.
A person sets up a student group in order to help students.
If a person reads the newspapers, he is informed about the news as a result.
A person goes to dance class in order to be a good dancer.
If a person got up in the morning, he will feel alert.
If a person does it himself, he will feel independent.
If a person needs to watch where he’s going, he wants to drive carefully.
If a person feels uneasy about losing the saddle, he wants to find the saddle.
If a person considers how to ask, he decides to ask as a result.
If a person prays in private, he feels a sense of peace as a result.
If a person has a healthy relationship, he will feel satisfied.
A person accepts a role in the school play in order to be involved in the school.
If a person worries about the noise, he wants to be quiet.
If a person does it on their own, he gets it done as a result.
If a person arranges the room, he will feel organized.
A person starts making progress in order to get better.
If a person will get better soon, he will feel optimistic.
If a person is in the running, he will feel motivated.
A person promises others a walk in the park in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person starts to think about leaving in order to be independent.
A person thinks for a while in order to think about a problem.
If a person does something to impress others, he will feel good.
A person is meditating in order to clear her mind.
If a person hears of a good hotel, he wants to stay at the hotel.
If a person splashes around in the bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has an exciting experience, he feels great as a result.
If a person is invited to the annual ceremony, he wants to go.
A person is moving out of town in order to be independent.
A person and others talk about their views in order to hear PersonY's views.
If a person tell stories, he is a good storyteller as a result.
A person decides to go on another way in order to try something new.
If a person learns that others needs help, he gives PersonY a hand as a result.
A person examines his new house in order to see what is inside.
If a person examines something, he learns something as a result.
If a person dances with his wife, he will feel happy.
If a person has a great time at work, he will feel relaxed.
A person comes to class on time in order to be a good student.
If a person becomes obsessed with some situation, he wants to fix the situation.
A person contemplates what they would say to others in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
A person thinks about what others said in order to understand PersonY.
If a person has been to the gym, he is fit as a result.
If a person drinks some alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person reaches new heights, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person has a great week, he will feel content.
If a person rubs elbows with personY, he gets to know personY as a result.
A person is anxious to speak with others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person is getting better, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes frustrated, he wants to calm down.
If a person has an important job, he will feel successful.
If a person knows what to do next, he will feel confident.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he will feel happy.
If a person gets into a serious accident, he wants to go to the hospital.
If a person tries to read for pleasure, he reads more as a result.
If a person welcomes others's touch, he will feel content.
A person does the exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person meets others's deadline, he will feel successful.
If a person acquires knowledge, he will feel intelligent.
A person begins painting in order to express himself.
A person continues to visit others in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person listens to people talk, he is seen as a good listener.
A person hits the hammer in order to get the job done.
If a person finds love at last, he is happy as a result.
A person learns new cultures in order to broaden his horizons.
If a person resists the urge to flee, he wants to stay.
If a person feels guilty about his crime, he repents as a result.
If a person makes a change, he wants to be a different person.
A person talks with the thief in order to know more about the thief.
A person took a course in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person finishes his quest, he will feel victorious.
If a person observes the rules, he will feel disciplined.
If a person works hard at work, he will feel motivated.
If a person has always been self-reliant, he will feel strong.
If a person practices self-control, he is able to stay focused as a result.
A person leaves for others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person's family comes to , he will feel supported.
If a person realizes that they are being followed, he will feel alarmed.
A person will keep on searching in order to find the truth.
If a person talks for a while, he is seen as eloquent.
If a person feels he could be better, he wants to improve.
If a person completes a correspondence course, he will feel accomplished.
If a person earns a good salary, he will feel satisfied.
A person tries to explain to others in order to get PersonY to understand.
If a person appears on the verge of victory, he will feel happy.
If a person has fun on the way to visit others, he is glad to see PersonY as a result.
If a person doodles in a notebook, he will feel creative.
A person tries to ask others for a date in order to get to know PersonY better.
A person prepares the meeting in order to make sure the meeting is successful.
If a person proves himself right, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person discusses the issue, he is seen as thoughtful.
If a person takes a long swim, he will feel refreshed.
If a person gets on track, he will feel pleased.
If a person checks things off the list, he will feel accomplished.
A person tells someone what happened in order to share his experience.
A person exercises more in order to stay healthy.
A person enlists in the army in order to serve his country.
If a person finds her view of herself is incomplete, he wants to change her image.
A person takes an ice-cold shower in order to be refreshed.
If a person checks on the experiment, he wants to make sure it's still working.
If a person gets tired of it, he wants to quit.
If a person's bike gets stuck in a tree, he wants to get his bike out of the tree.
If a person tries to understand politics, he is interested in politics as a result.
If a person examines the car, he will feel curious.
If a person decides to smile, he will feel joyful.
A person drives to others's house in order to visit PersonY.
If a person is dedicated to his job, he will feel productive.
If a person and others enjoy the same experience, he will feel joyful.
A person got a job in order to make money.
If a person tries out for the football team, he wants to play on the team.
If a person is really good at something, he will feel happy.
If a person experiences a tragedy, he is upset as a result.
If a person is excited about others's work, he wants to talk about PersonY's work.
If a person tries harder, he wants to do better.
If a person purchases a new computer, he will feel happy.
A person opens up the window in order to enjoy the fresh air.
If a person tries to meditate, he wants to be more calm.
A person practices their skill in order to be better at their skill.
A person thought about moving out in order to be independent.
A person checks on the dog in order to make sure the dog is OK.
If a person conquers a drug habit, he will feel relieved.
If a person learns to sew, he has a new hobby as a result.
A person puts an arm around others in order to be close to PersonY.
If a person meets the girl of his dreams, he will feel content.
If a person wins others's affections, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person continues on down the road in order to keep moving.
If a person is flattered by others, he will feel happy.
A person talks to the dragon in order to understand the dragon.
If a person volunteers to help the homeless, he will feel good.
A person volunteers to pay taxes in order to be a good citizen.
A person goes to music camp in order to learn to play an instrument.
If a person watches a lot of television, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides to read a book, he will feel relaxed.
If a person stands up to her mother, he will feel strong.
If a person watches sports, he will feel entertained.
A person opens her textbook in order to understand the lesson.
If a person lies on a cold floor, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person calls others on a cellphone in order to keep in touch with PersonY.
If a person reads philosophy, he is interested in philosophy as a result.
A person reads stories to her children in order to make her children happy.
If a person is extremely mean to others, he is not liked by PersonY as a result.
A person reads it all in order to understand the material.
If a person starts the relationship off right, he will feel good.
If a person makes time to exercise, he will feel fit.
If a person rests in the shade, he will feel relaxed.
A person moves to a new place in order to have a new start.
If a person takes part in an argument, he learns to argue as a result.
If a person gets all dressed up, he will feel attractive.
If a person gets his reward, he is pleased as a result.
A person takes a long bath in order to relax.
A person travels to others’s location in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person learns a craft, he will feel creative.
If a person thought she might have left it at home, he wants to find it.
If a person feels a sense of injustice, he wants to make things right.
A person begins a new exercise routine in order to be healthy.
A person decides it is time to go home in order to be close to his family.
A person insists on returning home in order to be close to his family.
If a person regrets what he had done, he does not do it again as a result.
If a person accuses others of planning a bank robbery, he wants to stop PersonY from robbing the bank.
If a person reads few more books, he will feel motivated.
If a person struggles to get his business done, he will feel frustrated.
If a person and others enjoyed the night sky, he will feel content.
If a person keeps its word, he will feel trustworthy.
A person points out the wood in order to show the others that the wood is there.
If a person remembers his purpose, he wants to live his purpose.
A person writes about the world in order to communicate with the world.
If a person spends time with friends, he gets closer to friends as a result.
If a person goes on a beach vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person finds a positive role model, he will feel encouraged.
If a person sets out on the treasure hunt, he will feel excited.
If a person makes a lot of copies, he will feel productive.
If a person helps others with personal problems, he is seen as a good friend.
A person avoids distracting tasks in order to focus on her work.
If a person spends time with family, he has a good time as a result.
If a person resolves a misunderstanding, he feels better as a result.
If a person goes out for food, he eats well as a result.
If a person reads the rule book, he understands the rules as a result.
If a person helps someone else out, he wants to help others.
If a person gets his affairs in order, he is ready to move on as a result.
If a person makes a major purchase, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to Paris for a party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person forces others to do his bidding, he will feel in control.
If a person realizes that others has disappeared, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person makes a new career, he is successful as a result.
If a person is concerned about expenses, he will feel stressed.
A person listens to personA in order to hear personA's opinion.
If a person has done the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person's life is much better, he will feel content.
If a person signs up for therapy, he wants to talk about his problems.
If a person is incredible, he is admired by others as a result.
If a person is a fast learner, he wants to learn more.
If a person gets a shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person is doing OK, really, he will feel confident.
If a person is fed up with mistreatment, he wants to retaliate.
If a person is a famous author, he is interviewed by the press as a result.
If a person follows the path of enlightenment, he will feel inspired.
If a person smashes the competition, he will feel proud.
A person studies the English language in order to be fluent in English.
If a person wants to live in peace, he wants to move to a quiet place.
If a person continues to prove himself to others, he will feel determined.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he is calmer as a result.
If a person gets good advice from others, he will feel encouraged.
If a person is a dedicated student, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person gains a new award, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person talks to the customer, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person exercises three times a week, he will feel fit.
If a person makes his bed, he will feel neat.
If a person stops being upset, he will feel peaceful.
If a person starts to do a good job, he is seen as a good leader.
If a person tests how others is doing, he wants to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person encourages others to work harder in order PersonY to be more successful.
If a person starts an evening class, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person is recognized for abilities, he will feel valued.
If a person is a great singer, he is popular as a result.
If a person watches a comedy program on TV, he wants to laugh.
If a person's writing was the object of admiration, he is complimented by her peers as a result.
A person participates in the arts in order to be creative.
If a person and others reestablish their relationship, he will feel pleased.
A person signs up for therapy in order to improve her life.
If a person wins a writing contest, he will feel pleased.
If a person boasts about her conquests, he will feel triumphant.
If a person orders out for Chinese food, he will feel content.
If a person buys a new piece of software, he will feel pleased.
If a person sweats and trembles, he will feel frightened.
If a person follows a study plan, he will feel organized.
A person leaves the flat in order to live on his own.
If a person goes out for a job, he will feel hopeful.
If a person proposes to a woman, he will feel happy.
If a person receives a compliment, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person engages in politics in order to be involved in the community.
A person takes a walk down the street in order to relax.
If a person makes his wish come true, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person acts responsibly, he will feel good.
If a person ties up loose ends, he will feel organized.
If a person learns to drive a stick shift, he will feel skilled.
If a person has a lively conversation, he will feel energetic.
If a person goes to a quiet place, he is calmer as a result.
If a person has dinner with the family, he gets to know the family as a result.
If a person and others read a book together, he and PersonY discuss the book as a result.
If a person goes to the show, he is entertained as a result.
A person takes a hot shower in order to feel refreshed.
If a person is frustrated with personY, he wants to get away from personY.
A person visits the prison in order to see the prisoners.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he will feel happy.
A person waits for his friend in order to be there for his friend.
If a person is extremely displeased with others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person shares info with others, he will feel connected.
If a person decides to have a rest, he will feel calm.
If a person begins to warm up to others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person has a constant headache, he will feel miserable.
If a person is given a plan, he will feel prepared.
If a person is always busy, he is never alone as a result.
If a person makes good on his promises, he will feel happy.
If a person learns of a job opportunity, he wants to go to the interview.
If a person dedicates effort to training, he will feel energized.
If a person participates in family traditions, he enjoys family life as a result.
If a person looks at the issue from different angles, he understands the issue as a result.
If a person practices self-help methods, he will feel self-confident.
If a person reads with pleasure, he will feel peaceful.
A person gets back in the saddle in order to be a good horse rider.
If a person listens to music all day, he will feel happy.
If a person starts a task, he will feel determined.
If a person stands for election, he wants to win.
A person learns how to cook in order to be a good cook.
If a person attends a ballet, he enjoys the ballet as a result.
If a person complains about lack of response, he will feel frustrated.
If a person seeks to understand others, he will feel interested.
If a person plays with her new toy, he will feel excited.
If a person has a bad time at a party, he will feel miserable.
If a person expects the best from others, he will feel optimistic.
If a person comes to detest others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
A person helps in order to help others.
If a person tries to carry out her plans, he will feel determined.
A person begins to play the sport of golf in order to improve his golf game.
If a person has lost her bearings, he wants to find her way.
If a person doesn't know what to do with others, he will feel uncertain.
A person tries to make conversation in order to get to know people.
If a person gets some sleep, he is refreshed as a result.
If a person breaks an oath, he gets in trouble as a result.
If a person observes a routine, he will feel comfortable.
If a person goes to the ocean, he will feel calm.
A person pays a visit to the dentist in order to have a good dental checkup.
If a person works hard at school, he is seen as smart.
A person visits his mother’s grave in order to remember his mother.
If a person and others buy tickets to a music concert, he will feel happy.
If a person is prepared for a fight, he will feel confident.
A person examines the window in order to see what is outside.
If a person hangs around the world, he learns about the world as a result.
If a person signs up others for boxing lessons, he will feel pleased.
If a person attends a celebration, he will feel excited.
If a person checks the stock prices, he learns about the stock market as a result.
A person opens the file in order to see the contents.
A person and others goes to Paris in order to travel and PersonY wants to see Paris.
If a person turns the light on, he will feel illuminated.
If a person knows something's going to happen, he will feel tense.
If a person pushes himself, he will feel determined.
If a person is at a piano lesson, he wants to play the piano.
If a person becomes accustomed to a job, he will feel secure.
A person continues her research in order to complete her research.
A person dances around the issue in order to avoid conflict.
If a person stands up against others, he will feel brave.
If a person has already been to the market, he buys food as a result.
If a person falls into debt, he is broke as a result.
If a person fights the monster, he wants to defeat the monster.
If a person looks it up in a book, he will feel curious.
If a person dressed up for a party, he will feel excited.
If a person has a good meeting, he will feel happy.
If a person's friend drives them to the movies, he will feel entertained.
If a person organizes a get-together, he is seen as a good host.
If a person sees a bit of good news, he is happy as a result.
A person looks it up on the Internet in order to know more about the subject.
If a person solves the clue, he will feel pleased.
If a person joins the hospital staff, he will feel useful.
If a person wears a new outfit, he will feel stylish.
If a person learns the virtue of tolerance, he wants to get along with everyone.
If a person attempts to exercise, he will feel motivated.
If a person tries new things, he is more adventurous as a result.
If a person is now an adult, he is a responsible adult as a result.
A person decides to pursue academic studies in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person takes good care of himself, he will feel confident.
A person roams around after work in order to explore the city.
If a person catches a flu, he will feel miserable.
A person approaches the closet in order to know what is in the closet.
If a person and others go to the circus, he and PersonY enjoy the circus as a result.
If a person has a new thing, he is excited as a result.
If a person listens to an amazing concert, he will feel moved.
A person sticks to the old ways in order to maintain tradition.
If a person tries to find others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person joins a new club, he makes new friends as a result.
If a person enjoys a meal with others, he will feel content.
If a person starts a new habit, he wants to keep the habit.
If a person is taught to paint, he is an artist as a result.
If a person seeks first-hand information, he wants to talk to the person who has the information.
If a person is given a warm welcome, he will feel happy.
If a person takes up new employment, he wants to earn more money.
If a person takes a hard stand, he will feel strong.
If a person comes to see others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person learns other skills, he becomes more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he gets a good meal as a result.
If a person has heard about the event, he will feel interested.
If a person began to form a plan, he wants to finish his plan.
A person enters into others's house in order to see PersonY.
If a person realises they’re missing something, he wants to get the item.
If a person washes clothes in the sink, he gets the clothes clean as a result.
If a person earns many friends, he will feel popular.
If a person wins a local competition, he will feel proud.
A person opens up the window in order to see the outside world.
A person tries to capture others's every move in order to know everything about PersonY.
If a person knows how to choose clothes, he will feel comfortable.
If a person poses a logical question, he wants to know the answer.
If a person is good at fighting, he wins a fight as a result.
If a person has a good time in the park, he is happy as a result.
A person takes others on a picnic in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is unhappy that others has diabetes, he wants to get PersonY' diabetes under control.
If a person cannot endure his trouble, he wants to leave.
If a person crosses the finish line, he will feel accomplished.
If a person makes people laugh, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person feels the heat of a million suns, he is sunburned as a result.
If a person is always invited, he will feel appreciated.
If a person works the details, he will feel efficient.
If a person finds the right job, he will feel satisfied.
A person goes to church regularly in order to be religious.
If a person made use of a special opportunity, he will feel fortunate.
If a person introduces a routine, he will feel in control.
If a person takes care of themselves, he will feel confident.
If a person finds others’s behavior disturbing, he wants to stop PersonY from acting this way.
A person tries to pick up strangers in order to meet new people.
If a person joins some clubs, he will feel motivated.
If a person and others tie the knot, he will feel happy.
If a person lives in a nice house, he will feel comfortable.
If a person loves talking about the past, he remembers things as a result.
If a person grows weary of the extreme cold, he wants to get warm.
If a person reads a book on business, he learns about business as a result.
If a person had been doing a lot of different things, he is seen as versatile.
A person studies a new language in order to be fluent in a new language.
If a person has lost the fight, he will feel defeated.
If a person runs over to others’s house, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person hears noises at night, he wants to investigate.
A person makes contact with others's parents in order to make peace with PersonY's parents.
If a person seems to have trouble understanding, he will feel puzzled.
A person escapes the angry mob in order to avoid being beaten.
If a person gains a romantic partner, he will feel pleased.
If a person plays jazz, he gets good at jazz as a result.
A person hires a private investigator in order to know the truth.
If a person has found a buyer, he is happy as a result.
If a person works out constantly, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person practices music, he will feel motivated.
If a person is shown a way out, he wants to get out of the situation.
A person talks to person on the phone in order to communicate with the person on the phone.
If a person spends the evening with his friends, he will feel entertained.
If a person reads a serious book, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person tells others to take the exam in order PersonY to do well on the exam.
If a person wins race, he will feel triumphant.
A person teaches others new things in order to help PersonY.
A person tries to live with father in order to be closer to his father.
If a person giggles with others, he will feel joyful.
If a person completes his trip, he will feel satisfied.
A person gives others an affectionate hug in order to show PersonY that she cares.
If a person got lost in the night, he will feel disoriented.
If a person goes surfing with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he enjoys the story as a result.
If a person makes a case for others, he wants to get PersonY to agree.
If a person gains a lot of weight, he is overweight as a result.
If a person plays the music, he will feel entertained.
If a person overcomes a trial, he will feel successful.
If a person has a nice time with others, he will feel content.
A person welcomes others to our site in order to make PersonY feel welcome.
If a person reviews the options, he wants to decide.
A person presses ahead with a spring in his step in order to achieve his goal.
If a person believes that learning is important, he wants to learn more.
If a person is a very helpful friend, he is thanked by friends as a result.
If a person tries to charm others, he wants to get PersonY to like him.
If a person and others enjoyed the night sky, he will feel satisfied.
A person practices on the piano in order to improve her skills.
A person wraps his arms around others in order to be close to PersonY.
A person checks the message board in order to know what other people think.
A person sets out again in order to do something new.
A person talks with a person of interest in order to learn more about the person.
If a person has others over for dinner, he has a nice time with PersonY as a result.
A person tries to solve it in order to get it right.
If a person praises God, he will feel content.
If a person tells the good news, he will feel joyful.
A person prepares to depart in order to go on a trip.
If a person gives everything a try, he will feel challenged.
A person looks for alternative ways in order to find a new way to achieve his goal.
If a person was suspicious, he wants to investigate.
If a person shows genuine interest in others, he wants to get to know PersonY better.
If a person investigates the message, he will feel intrigued.
If a person notices that a door is open, he wants to close the door.
A person phones his friend in order to keep in touch with his friend.
If a person lands a job, he will feel confident.
If a person knows it's wrong, he regrets it as a result.
If a person dances on the beach, he will feel happy.
A person practices self-help methods in order to be more independent.
If a person gets a well-paid job, he will feel happy.
A person tries to speak in order to communicate with others.
If a person joins a support group, he will feel supported.
If a person makes a good case, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives information, he wants to use the information.
A person tries to fix the mistake in order to make sure that he does not make the same mistake again.
If a person does his exercise, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gets his balance, he will feel in control.
A person visits others at the beach in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person values others’s insights, he is inspired by PersonY as a result.
A person tells others about her view of the sunset in order to share her experience.
If a person joins a sports club, he becomes more active as a result.
A person goes to check on the grill in order to make sure the grill is working.
If a person is good at games, he will feel confident.
A person attends classes in order to get an education.
A person sits by others in order to support PersonY.
A person reads about others online in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person knows something is wrong, he will feel concerned.
If a person reads the instructions again, he understands the instructions as a result.
If a person has a vacation, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person is very kind to some people, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person's family is in trouble, he will feel concerned.
If a person buys a lot of coffee, he wants to drink a lot of coffee.
If a person buys a new book, he wants to read more.
If a person's temper flares, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is ordered to shut up, he stops talking as a result.
A person is hard at work in order to be productive.
If a person having fun, he will feel relaxed.
If a person starts doing better, he will feel relieved.
If a person examines himself in the mirror, he will feel curious.
A person leaves the island in order to be free.
If a person heads to the market, he buys groceries as a result.
A person goes to his mom's house in order to spend time with his mother.
If a person went to the party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person calls a store, he wants to order something.
If a person admires others's shoes, he wants to have a pair of shoes like PersonY's.
If a person succeeds in a difficult project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person buys a new toy, he will feel pleased.
If a person pays attention to a noise, he wants to find out what the noise is.
If a person explores new possibilities, he wants to try new things.
If a person keeps awake at night, he will feel worried.
A person is ready to speak in order to share his ideas.
If a person has a house fire, he will feel distressed.
If a person goes to his favorite restaurant, he enjoys his meal as a result.
If a person makes a decision to go ahead, he will feel confident.
If a person thanks others for treating him well, he will feel appreciated.
If a person convinces others to give up her seat, he will feel pleased.
If a person is dissatisfied with the job done, he wants to do better.
If a person gets a good piece of information, he will feel smart.
If a person attends church service, he will feel connected.
A person tries to call home in order to speak to his family.
If a person has a stable job, he will feel secure.
If a person examines the chart, he will feel curious.
If a person finds a good friend, he wants to hang out with this friend.
If a person wins a big contract, he is happy as a result.
If a person writes a well-received screenplay, he is celebrated by his peers as a result.
A person makes others walk in order to get PersonY to exercise.
If a person learns to drive a stick shift, he gets better at driving as a result.
If a person finds love on the internet, he is happy as a result.
If a person practices in a gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets tired of dealing with it, he stops dealing with it as a result.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he will feel paranoid.
If a person delivers a brilliant speech, he will feel confident.
If a person makes her own decisions, he is in charge of her life as a result.
If a person loves her husband, he has a happy marriage as a result.
A person drops everything and goes to the gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person fears that he will be blamed, he wants to be sure that he is not blamed.
If a person is in good form, he will feel relaxed.
If a person gave a wonderful dinner party, he will feel satisfied.
A person addresses a question to someone in the audience in order to communicate with the audience.
If a person wins others's approval, he will feel confident.
If a person stops the argument, he wants to keep the peace.
If a person is required to do something, he does what is required as a result.
If a person has a good career, he will feel satisfied.
If a person chooses to go to bed, he will feel rested.
A person works hard at others’s job in order to help PersonY.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person starts living a better life, he feels good about himself as a result.
A person learns to put food on the table in order to provide for his family.
If a person takes care of her health, he has a healthier lifestyle as a result.
If a person got a new bed, he will feel comfortable.
If a person makes his bed every day, he is tidy as a result.
If a person dresses up for work, he will feel sophisticated.
If a person hears a girl crying for help, he helps the girl as a result.
If a person gets support from others, he will feel encouraged.
If a person pays someone a compliment, he will feel pleased.
If a person participates in a game, he will feel entertained.
If a person grows confused, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person gets used to the situation, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a heated conversation with others, he will feel angry.
A person took others out in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person realizes that something is not quite right, he wants to investigate.
If a person goes to bed a little early, he will feel rested.
A person took care of the child in order to be a good parent.
A person prays a lot in order to improve his relationship with God.
A person does something for someone else in order to be helpful.
A person takes the day off in order to rest.
A person learns how to do something in order to be better at something.
If a person becomes accustomed to living on his own, he will feel relaxed.
If a person challenges himself to lift heavier, he wants to be stronger.
If a person listens to someone’s problems, he is a good listener as a result.
A person builds a network in order to have a large network.
A person goes into the city in order to see the city.
If a person started hanging out with others, he and PersonY became friends as a result.
If a person discovers the article, he wants to read the article.
A person calls Paul in order to talk to Paul.
If a person begins a new exercise routine, he will feel energetic.
If a person regrets past action, he wants to change his past.
A person checks the news in order to know what is happening in the world.
If a person and others enjoy a snowball fight, he will feel excited.
A person makes a move in order to be assertive.
If a person enjoys the sunset, he will feel relaxed.
A person looks it up in order to know the answer.
If a person is able to speak out, he feels empowered as a result.
If a person receives a big present, he is happy as a result.
If a person learns about literature, he will feel enlightened.
If a person smashes the competition, he will feel powerful.
If a person's goal is to get a job, he wants to work hard.
A person invites others to join in on an activity in order to make PersonY feel included.
If a person received a promise, he was happy as a result.
If a person hears a report, he learns about the situation as a result.
A person speaks to a young woman in order to have a conversation.
If a person goes away for the weekend, he has a good time as a result.
A person is traveling in order to explore the world.
If a person was hurt in an accident, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is successful in school, he will feel pleased.
If a person doesn't understand what's going on, he will feel puzzled.
If a person's purpose is completed, he will feel accomplished.
If a person sees what's on TV, he learns about the news as a result.
If a person pays close attention, he will feel curious.
If a person helps a co-worker, he will feel good.
If a person gets along with everyone, he will feel happy.
If a person lives up to his ideals, he will feel confident.
A person moves from one room to another in order to make a change.
A person attempts to fix a bike in order to make the bike rideable.
A person is present to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person has a bad experience, he will feel disappointed.
A person visits her folks in order to spend time with her family.
If a person suffers a heavy loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person is always polite, he is respected by others as a result.
If a person and others trade e-mail, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
If a person fixes a leak, he will feel successful.
If a person and others enter the temple, he wants to pray.
If a person found a new job, he is happy as a result.
If a person has the creeps, he wants to get rid of the creepy feeling.
If a person catches others's heart, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person prepares to leave town in order to be free.
If a person and others gets into a car accident, he and PersonY are injured as a result.
If a person is taking a rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person goes to a church with friends, he will feel spiritual.
If a person is unhappy with his gift, he wants to get a new gift.
If a person has an exceptional meal, he feels satisfied as a result.
A person attends the lecture in order to be informed.
A person lays down the rules in order to have order.
If a person does not know how to answer the question, he will feel uncertain.
If a person is present to others, he gets to talk to PersonY as a result.
If a person lives on his own, he will feel alone.
A person works harder in order to get ahead.
A person trains the troops in order to improve the army.
If a person continues to read about that, he will feel entertained.
If a person spends a year planning, he will feel motivated.
If a person hangs out with a classmate, he learns to be more social as a result.
If a person takes a bike ride, he gets exercise as a result.
A person builds a nest for himself in order to be independent.
If a person has a walk on the beach, he has a good time as a result.
If a person tends to his garden, he will feel pleased.
A person finds a part-time job in order to earn money.
If a person is polite to others, he will feel kind.
If a person makes an effort to apologize, he will feel remorseful.
If a person is sick and goes to the doctor, he is prescribed medicine as a result.
If a person has a pleasant dinner, he will feel content.
If a person goes home and rests, he will feel relaxed.
If a person stops to help someone change a tire, he learns to change a tire as a result.
If a person starts studying, he will feel determined.
If a person thinks up a trick, he will feel clever.
If a person reads scripture, he wants to pray.
If a person examines an object, he is interested in the object as a result.
If a person buys others's product, he will feel pleased.
If a person dresses very beautifully, he will feel elegant.
A person takes an important decision in order to take a step forward.
If a person learns from the school of hard knocks, he will feel wise.
If a person finds a good husband, he is happy as a result.
A person calls the operator in order to talk to someone.
If a person receives the goods, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a friend's advice, he wants to do what his friend said.
If a person experiences great pain, he will feel distressed.
If a person heads out for a walk, he will feel content.
If a person rides the bicycle, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person finds a new career, he will feel happy.
If a person talks with his mom, he is more open with his mom as a result.
If a person went to the library, he read a book as a result.
A person picks up his car from the mechanic in order to have his car fixed.
If a person knows what is required, he will feel ready.
If a person does the exercise, he will feel motivated.
If a person becomes a success, he will feel proud.
If a person begins to read, he will feel curious.
If a person discovers something of interest to her, he wants to learn more.
If a person is hurting, he wants to feel better.
If a person asks a number of questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person calls others for support, he will feel comforted.
If a person has some quiet time, he will feel peaceful.
If a person pays special attention to others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person organizes a get-together in order to be social.
If a person observes a phenomenon, he wants to investigate.
If a person gets a full night's sleep, he wakes up refreshed as a result.
A person buys bus tickets for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person attends a ball game, he will feel entertained.
If a person falls for others's son, he wants to spend more time with PersonY's son.
If a person made things better, he will feel pleased.
If a person has received flowers, he will feel touched.
If a person has a fear of violence, he wants to avoid violence.
A person wakes up and goes to work in order to earn money.
If a person puts on good clothes, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person really enjoys others’s company, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person gets the work done on time, he is seen as dependable.
If a person takes some precautions, he will feel protected.
If a person searches the Web for information, he wants to learn more.
If a person gets a sports car, he will feel pleased.
If a person practices his speech, he gets better at public speaking as a result.
If a person considers the possible actions, he will feel interested.
A person decides to read a book in order to be able to read for pleasure.
If a person has a new view of an old problem, he wants to see a new solution.
If a person beats others in a game of tennis, he will feel satisfied.
If a person stops for a rest, he will feel rested.
A person succeeds in stopping smoking in order to be healthy.
If a person's expectations met, he will feel pleased.
If a person becomes good at French, he speaks French fluently as a result.
If a person gets away from it all, he enjoys his freedom as a result.
If a person must make a final decision, he wants to choose the right option.
If a person chooses not to let the past dominate the present, he wants to enjoy the present.
A person keeps an eye on her in order to be aware of her surroundings.
A person visits her relatives in order to be with her family.
A person tells others to try in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person goes there often, he will feel comfortable.
If a person gets the hang of it, he will feel pleased.
If a person orders a dessert, he is pleased with the dessert as a result.
If a person settles into a vacation, he will feel content.
If a person helps a student, he will feel good.
If a person dislikes SituationZ, he wants to get out of SituationZ.
If a person is winning the football game, he will feel proud.
If a person regrets a previous event, he wants to change the past.
If a person is offered a great job, he will feel excited.
If a person keeps his job, he will feel secure.
If a person tries not to fall, he does not fall as a result.
If a person drinks a little more, he gets drunk as a result.
A person tries to chase after others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person takes a nice vacation, he will feel happy.
A person carries out his role in order to do his job well.
If a person owns his own place, he will feel secure.
If a person succeeds at life, he becomes happy as a result.
If a person has to deal with the terrible event, he will feel saddened.
If a person discovers a website, he wants to know more about the website.
If a person looks through the mail, he will feel curious.
A person has just handed the problem over to others in order PersonY to finish the task.
A person attempts to confront others in order to resolve the conflict.
If a person listens to the news, he learns about current events as a result.
If a person visits new places, he will feel interested.
If a person finally gets a pay rise, he is happy as a result.
If a person suffers greatly, he is very upset as a result.
If a person looks up to her, he will feel respected.
If a person is in a difficult situation, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person takes her duties seriously, he will feel confident.
A person travels to a new place in order to experience new things.
If a person sinks some money into the stock market, he will feel hopeful.
If a person finds out about the problem, he wants to know what is going on.
If a person agrees to study, he will feel motivated.
If a person felt sick, he wants to feel better.
A person reads the email in order to find out what the email says.
A person attends to personY's needs in order to be helpful.
If a person resolves a misunderstanding, he will feel relieved.
If a person is dissatisfied with life, he wants to change his life.
If a person fears getting caught, he wants to be safe.
A person sets out on a hike in order to be in nature.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he will feel thrilled.
If a person has already started working on it, he will feel motivated.
If a person does everything possible to live a good life, he will feel satisfied.
A person cooks a meal for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person and others have a good meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person returns to the gym, he is more fit as a result.
If a person keeps to her routine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person enjoys some peace and quiet, he will feel content.
If a person wins a math competition, he will feel confident.
If a person takes his shower, he will feel clean.
If a person and others go to see an exhibition, he will feel interested.
A person go outside in order to get some fresh air.
If a person decides to get on with others, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person takes a warm bath, he will feel relaxed.
A person takes others to her favorite restaurant in order to show PersonY a good time.
A person performs in the community in order to be a part of the community.
If a person considers others's point of view, he wants to understand PersonY.
If a person receives a threatening message, he is frightened as a result.
If a person watches some cool shows, he will feel interested.
If a person has come to the party, he will feel pleased.
A person starts out on foot in order to go on a journey.
If a person's mom is in the hospital, he is concerned as a result.
If a person is caught between two opinions, he will feel confused.
If a person is going to class, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets through it, he will feel relieved.
If a person visits an archive, he will feel curious.
A person calls his friend in order to have a conversation.
If a person receives an honor from others, he will feel happy.
If a person has a healthy relationship, he is happy as a result.
A person puts clothes on others in order to make PersonY look presentable.
A person plans to go home for vacation in order to spend time with his family.
If a person sits and rests, he will feel relaxed.
If a person reads some books, he will feel interested.
If a person decides to get a cat, he wants to take care of the cat.
If a person learns from her experience, he wants to avoid future mistakes.
If a person gets over the hurdle, he will feel relieved.
If a person regrets making the phone call, he wants to forget the call.
If a person admires the view, he feels happy as a result.
If a person is a sponge for knowledge, he learns a lot as a result.
If a person is learning to dance, he gets a new hobby as a result.
If a person finds a good deal, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a vow to God, he will feel devoted.
If a person takes credit for a task, he will feel confident.
If a person buys himself a new computer, he is happy with his new computer as a result.
If a person ends up being her sister’s guardian, he wants to help her sister.
If a person is concerned about the future, he wants to learn more about his future.
If a person purchases a clock, he is pleased with the clock as a result.
If a person is amazed by some evidence, he wants to know more.
If a person is affected by a report, he wants to read the report.
If a person got rid of the aliens, he will feel victorious.
A person practices his preaching in order to improve his preaching.
A person helps other people in order to be a good person.
If a person regrets an act, he wants to make amends.
If a person discusses politics with others, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person makes love to personY, he will feel happy.
If a person has found a buyer, he will feel pleased.
If a person attends a self-help class, he will feel motivated.
If a person has a successful business deal, he is happy as a result.
If a person drinks an excessive amount of alcohol, he will feel drunk.
A person is a frequent talker in order to share his ideas.
A person sets out for adventure in order to find out more about the world.
If a person takes up new hobbies, he will feel inspired.
If a person is doing a good job, he will feel proud.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel content.
If a person asked for a promotion, he will feel encouraged.
If a person thwarts an effort, he will feel victorious.
A person acquires the capital needed to begin a business in order to be self sufficient.
If a person has lost his temper, he wants to calm down.
If a person comes to my party, he meets my friends as a result.
If a person suffers very much, he is sad as a result.
If a person dances on a stage, he will feel excited.
If a person looks into the situation, he wants to find out what is going on.
If a person works on himself, he wants to get better.
If a person and others do the right thing, he will feel good.
If a person is being patient, he will feel calm.
If a person has fun with a friend, he will feel relaxed.
If a person attends classes, he wants to be a student.
If a person drops everything and goes to the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets used to a new program, he will feel relaxed.
If a person suffers a big loss, he is upset as a result.
If a person and others exchange ideas, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person applies for a scholarship in order to do well in school.
If a person gives a talk at the local school, he is seen as knowledgeable.
If a person sets up a family reunion, he invites all his relatives as a result.
If a person looks up information on others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person and others start arguing, he will feel irritated.
If a person takes others to a medical appointment, he learns about PersonY’s medical condition as a result.
A person gives a present to someone in order to make someone happy.
If a person studies geology, he learns about rocks as a result.
If a person finds it hard to go on, he will feel discouraged.
If a person practices nonviolence, he never fights as a result.
If a person completes her business, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gives himself to God, he will feel at peace.
A person takes some wine in order to be able to enjoy a drink.
If a person asks others to cook dinner, he gets a meal as a result.
A person is really working in order to be successful.
If a person goes somewhere nice, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has to work it out, he will feel determined.
If a person has a heavy day, he is exhausted as a result.
A person provides money to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person plans to run for public office, he wants to win.
If a person gets a prescription, he gets better as a result.
If a person gets sick of working alone, he wants to work with others.
If a person is intrigued, he wants to investigate.
If a person raises a valid concern, he wants to be reassured.
A person takes the baby on an outing in order to spend time with the baby.
If a person acts like a worker, he will feel productive.
If a person receives congratulations from others, he is happy as a result.
If a person gives others a smile, he will feel pleased.
A person makes arrangements for an activity in order to do something fun.
A person fixes the machine in order to get the job done.
If a person is well thought of, he will feel loved.
If a person relaxes at home, he will feel content.
A person has a meeting with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person is allowed to do it, he will feel free.
If a person attends a festival, he has fun as a result.
If a person wonders why the teacher is being so difficult, he wants to understand the teacher.
If a person defeats others's forces, he will feel triumphant.
If a person sees a new movie, he will feel entertained.
If a person decides to do it himself, he will feel determined.
If a person is reminded of an error, he wants to correct the error.
If a person dances the salsa, he will feel excited.
If a person makes food from scratch, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person finds something to eat, he will feel satisfied.
A person discusses about his feelings in order to share his feelings with someone.
If a person shows up for practice, he will feel motivated.
If a person finds something very interesting, he gets excited as a result.
If a person finds his calling, he will feel content.
A person talks to an expert about the world in order to know more about the world.
A person visits his mother every day in order to be close to his mother.
A person writes others a love letter in order to show PersonY how much he cares.
If a person thinks about different possibilities, he will feel curious.
A person tries to express in order to be heard.
If a person examines the objects, he will feel curious.
A person decides to leave the room in order to be alone.
A person makes an art piece in order to be creative.
If a person finishes off the agenda, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person begins painting again, he will feel inspired.
If a person makes arrangements, he is seen as a good planner.
A person writes a letter to his children in order to express his love for his children.
A person appeals to the group in order to get the group to help him.
If a person expands his mind, he will feel inspired.
If a person and others enjoy playing together, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
A person subscribes to a newsletter in order to keep up with current events.
If a person arrives at a spa, he is pampered as a result.
If a person attempts to console others, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
If a person is born into a wealthy family, he has a good life as a result.
If a person watches a YouTube video, he will feel entertained.
If a person hears a horror story, he is scared as a result.
If a person befriends an elderly person, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person drinks some wine, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person has won, he will feel pleased.
If a person goes to see a psychiatrist, he is treated for depression as a result.
If a person has a debt to pay, he wants to get out of debt.
If a person is taught how to use chopsticks, he is proficient in chopstick usage as a result.
If a person is told a very depressing story, he feels sad as a result.
If a person discovers something interesting, he will feel amazed.
If a person and others visit a fortune teller, he gets a reading as a result.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he wants to find out what is wrong.
A person takes others to see a concert in order to show PersonY a good time.
If a person receives some bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person manages to finish project on time, he is seen as competent.
A person makes a home in order to have a place to call his own.
If a person decides to study for his class, he will feel prepared.
If a person goes to the wine store, he buys a bottle of wine as a result.
If a person reads a story by others, he will feel entertained.
If a person reads a new book, he is entertained as a result.
If a person started cooking, he enjoys cooking as a result.
If a person considers a new hobby, he wants to learn more about his hobby.
If a person continues her education, he will feel intelligent.
If a person wants to be more intelligent, he wants to study more.
If a person is working toward her goal, he wants to be successful.
If a person puts to a use, he will feel successful.
If a person watches a new movie, he is entertained as a result.
If a person gets things done, he will feel efficient.
If a person investigates others’s medical condition, he will feel concerned.
If a person takes another walk, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person gets a good exam grade, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts an argument, he will feel irritated.
If a person reads about history, he is more knowledgeable as a result.
If a person continues searching, he wants to find the truth.
A person rushes toward others in order to make sure PersonY is okay.
A person starts taking medication in order to get better.
If a person respects others’s preference, he does not criticize PersonY as a result.
If a person becomes a successful writer, he will feel accomplished.
A person takes pictures of the audience in order to document the event.
If a person builds up, he will feel confident.
If a person takes physical measures, he will feel strong.
If a person receives a suspicious phone call, he will feel alarmed.
If a person is mad about others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person explains why something is difficult, he helps the person understand as a result.
If a person regrets having done something, he doesn’t do it again as a result.
If a person destroys a killer robot, he will feel victorious.
A person plans out everything in order to make sure everything is done correctly.
If a person borrows a lot of money, he is in debt as a result.
If a person sorts his words, he wants to speak clearly.
If a person seeks more evidence, he discovers new evidence as a result.
If a person discovers others has a family, he wants to know more about PersonY's family.
A person practices her cheerleading routine in order to be a good cheerleader.
If a person takes the baby to the park, he enjoys the day with the baby as a result.
If a person worries about others's health, he wants to take care of PersonY.
A person drinks a bottle of water in order to stay hydrated.
If a person does not enjoy it, he does not do it again as a result.
If a person sees a good show, he will feel delighted.
A person serves prison time and builds his muscle in order to be strong.
If a person took a shower, he is clean as a result.
If a person is at war with his thoughts, he will feel anxious.
If a person dresses up and goes out, he will feel fashionable.
If a person jumps into the bathtub, he will feel refreshed.
A person attempts to restructure his life in order to be a better person.
If a person makes a career out of it, he will feel content.
If a person is unable to cope with stress, he becomes depressed as a result.
If a person got beat up, he will feel upset.
If a person receives a broken bone, he is in pain as a result.
If a person does an expert job, he will feel confident.
If a person reflects on the months that just passed, he feels nostalgic as a result.
If a person tries to stay positive, he will feel optimistic.
If a person earns money, he will feel successful.
A person leaves the state in order to live in a different place.
If a person notices that he was being stared at, he feels uncomfortable as a result.
A person explores in order to find out more about the world.
If a person buys a house, he is happy as a result.
If a person tries to address the crowd, he wants to get the crowd to listen.
If a person works out a schedule, he wants to be on time.
If a person faces conflict, he will feel stressed.
If a person and others go to the aquarium, he and PersonY enjoy the aquarium as a result.
If a person becomes concerned about others’s questions, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person stops for coffee on the way home, he will feel refreshed.
A person studies a table of facts in order to remember facts.
If a person must live up to his words, he will feel determined.
A person accepts a well-paying job in order to be financially secure.
If a person follows others's laws, he will feel obedient.
If a person takes on an important role, he will feel powerful.
If a person relocates to be with others, he will feel happy.
If a person talks with personY about her future, he wants to know what she wants to do.
If a person takes up Martial Arts, he gets in shape as a result.
A person looks up some information in order to know more about a subject.
If a person is befuddled by political scenario, he wants to understand the situation.
If a person finally gets what he or she wants, he will feel content.
If a person is recommended for a good job, he wants to get the job.
If a person is asked for a report, he completes the report as a result.
If a person earns big money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person worries about the situation, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person wants to make his future wife happy, he wants to be a good husband.
A person pats the dog in order to be kind to the dog.
If a person has grown to like others, he wants to like PersonY more.
If a person succeeds in looking well, he will feel pleased.
A person invites others to his apartment in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has fun in another country, he will feel satisfied.
If a person and others go on a field trip, he and PersonY learn about the world as a result.
If a person takes charge of a crew, he will feel powerful.
A person keeps a schedule in order to be organized.
If a person practices a new skill, he becomes better at it as a result.
A person goes to have a look in order to find out what is going on.
A person plans to take a walk in order to enjoy the day.
If a person goes to a good restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
A person leaves for the station in order to get to work.
If a person joins in with others's plans, he will feel part of the group.
If a person is reunited with his wife, he is happy as a result.
If a person’s feelings are hurt, he is angry as a result.
If a person always looks on the bright side, he is always happy as a result.
If a person regrets others's actions, he wants to apologize to PersonY.
If a person seems concerned, he wants to be reassured.
If a person has a lot of money, he will feel wealthy.
If a person's foot gets stuck, he wants to get his foot unstuck.
If a person gets a wash and set, he is clean and well-groomed as a result.
If a person sips the water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person completes task successfully, he will feel pleased.
If a person wonders about his childhood, he wants to find out more about his past.
A person has your number in order to be in contact with you.
If a person performs a process, he will feel productive.
If a person goes to a crisis center, he is counseled as a result.
If a person respects his friends, he wants to be a good friend.
If a person wins the first prize, he will feel pleased.
A person is going on a journey in order to see the world.
If a person learns to use the internet, he gets better at surfing the net as a result.
A person gives others a choice in order PersonY to be able to make a decision.
If a person and others go to the concert, he and PersonY enjoy the concert as a result.
If a person and others study for exams, he will feel focused.
If a person is not sure of others's love, he wants to know PersonY's love.
A person writes her parents a letter in order to tell her parents how she is doing.
If a person overcomes all challenges, he will feel confident.
If a person volunteers at the soup kitchen, he wants to help people.
If a person announces a job promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person suddenly gets rid of a problem, he feels relieved as a result.
If a person takes in stray animals, he wants to take care of them.
If a person is unsatisfied with his job, he wants to get a better job.
If a person volunteers at the soup kitchen, he meets the homeless as a result.
If a person is very successful, he will feel powerful.
If a person buys tickets to a concert, he will feel excited.
A person practices his preaching in order to be prepared for a sermon.
If a person becomes a successful prophet, he is believed by many as a result.
If a person pays attention to what others is saying, he understands what PersonY is saying as a result.
If a person is concerned about the environment, he does his part to save the environment as a result.
If a person has had a good week, he will feel content.
If a person gets a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a birthday present, he will feel happy.
If a person is thinking about something, he will feel curious.
If a person ponders the possibilities, he will feel interested.
If a person decides to remain, he is happy as a result.
If a person overcomes evil with a new lifestyle, he will feel triumphant.
If a person is a skillful linguist, he speaks many languages as a result.
If a person experiences a good day, he will feel confident.
If a person uses the software correctly, he will feel satisfied.
If a person appears on the cover of magazines, he becomes famous as a result.
If a person decides to do business with others, he will feel pleased.
If a person types in the correct code, he will feel satisfied.
A person spends all his money on others in order to be able to help PersonY.
A person calls the person in order to talk to the person.
If a person sticks to the rules, he will feel disciplined.
If a person enjoys others’s presence, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person suffers from an annoying headache, he will feel miserable.
A person offers his hand in order to help the person.
If a person plays with the toys, he learns to play with the toys as a result.
If a person finds new love, he is happy as a result.
A person goes to others's home in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person has a good career, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others hang around together, he and PersonY become friends as a result.
If a person has just one bad day, he will feel unhappy.
If a person gets a massage, he feels relaxed as a result.
If a person gets a hug from others, he will feel comforted.
If a person has trouble sleeping, he will feel restless.
A person takes others out to dinner in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person finds help, he will feel supported.
If a person is troubled by his past, he will feel depressed.
If a person finds what he was looking for, he is happy as a result.
If a person suffers in an earthquake, he is badly injured as a result.
A person is attending school in order to be in school.
If a person is on his best behavior, he will feel relaxed.
A person always takes others's side in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person is suspicious about others, he wants to find out more about PersonY.
If a person has a nice room, he will feel happy.
If a person returns to her homeland, he wants to be with her family.
If a person begins to live in the moment, he enjoys life as a result.
A person buys an automobile in order to have a new mode of transportation.
If a person is having a great time, he will feel content.
If a person gains new respect for others, he wants to be more like PersonY.
A person discusses the crisis with her family in order to keep her family informed.
If a person begins to get ahead, he earns more money as a result.
If a person keeps a schedule, he will feel organized.
A person insists on seeing others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person and others go to the bookstore, he wants to buy a book.
If a person is threatened with legal action, he will feel worried.
If a person's intellect rises, he wants to learn more.
If a person is feeling better, he is in good spirits as a result.
If a person remembers to eat, he will feel nourished.
If a person wins at the higher court, he will feel triumphant.
A person begins his studies in order to succeed in school.
If a person worked hard at her job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person succeeds in convincing others, he will feel victorious.
A person goes away to school in order to learn new things.
A person decides to sell her apartment in order to live somewhere else.
If a person practices self-defense moves, he gets better at self-defense as a result.
If a person suffers through a hard day, he is tired as a result.
If a person is consoled by others, he will feel relieved.
If a person is winning the football game, he will feel confident.
If a person gets into a quarrel, he will feel angry.
If a person gets a chance to be a responsible citizen, he does a good deed as a result.
If a person sorts out documents, he will feel focused.
A person hires a lawyer in order to be legally protected.
If a person promises to try, he makes a good effort as a result.
A person tries to sneak away in order to be alone.
If a person decides to begin martial arts training, he wants to become a fighter.
A person moves to others's side in order to be closer to PersonY.
A person stops to talk to others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person practises saying the name of his girlfriend, he is able to say her name as a result.
If a person eats a sweet treat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person finds a good hiding place, he will feel safe.
If a person's business takes off, he is pleased as a result.
If a person checks up on a relative, he learns more about the relative as a result.
A person picks up others from jail in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person succeeds at work, he will feel confident.
If a person has stopped lying, he wants to tell the truth.
A person cleans up after cooking in order to be tidy.
A person speaks with extra energy in order to get his point across.
A person studies chess in order to be a good chess player.
If a person finds it embarrassing, he wants to avoid embarrassment.
If a person learns to appreciate others, he will feel satisfied.
A person gives the dog a bone in order to make the dog happy.
If a person gives a purpose to his actions, he wants to make a difference.
If a person has an art show, he sells her paintings as a result.
If a person puts in extra effort, he wants to be the best.
A person drinks a cup of water in order to stay hydrated.
A person studies jazz dance in order to be a good dancer.
If a person feels a great loyalty to others, he wants to do something for PersonY.
If a person must stay strong, he will feel determined.
If a person buys a new TV, he is happy with his new TV as a result.
A person is on the way to the station in order to get to work.
If a person dances on the dance floor, he will feel excited.
If a person finds some sort of work, he is happy as a result.
If a person wins out, he will feel pleased.
If a person receives the reward, he is pleased as a result.
If a person is having a hard time, he will feel sad.
A person visits grandmother in order to spend time with his grandmother.
If a person is left in the rain, he is soaked as a result.
A person walks through the field in order to enjoy the outdoors.
If a person finds he is in danger, he will feel frightened.
A person goes to the window in order to see the view.
If a person gets rid of a bad habit, he will feel better.
If a person searches for more, he will feel determined.
If a person gets a bargain, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes her new job seriously, he will feel inspired.
If a person convinces others to drop the charges, he will feel happy.
If a person ponders how to answer a question, he will feel unsure.
If a person finds a good deal, he will feel pleased.
If a person questions the audience, he will feel intelligent.
If a person gets ready for the family reunion, he will feel excited.
A person plans to move out of town in order to be independent.
A person spends time with others’s family in order to get to know PersonY’s family.
A person stops an argument in order to avoid conflict.
If a person examines an object, he will feel interested.
If a person is a good talker, he will feel confident.
If a person has borrowed some books, he reads the books as a result.
If a person hunts and gathers food, he is able to feed himself as a result.
If a person feels bad about leaving others, he wants to apologize.
If a person overcomes challenge, he will feel confident.
A person visits university in order to be more educated.
A person plans ahead in order to be prepared for a new task.
If a person learns from what others has done, he does not repeat the same mistake as a result.
If a person thinks the sauce is too spicy, he wants to make the sauce milder.
A person helps others fill out a form in order to help PersonY.
If a person attends classes, he wants to study.
If a person reads novels, he will feel curious.
If a person tests the trap, he wants to know if the trap works.
If a person follows the path of enlightenment, he will feel at peace.
If a person puts up a fight, he will feel strong.
A person leaves her home in order to be independent.
If a person thinks of friends and family, he wants to spend time with friends and family.
If a person learns from the experience, he wants to do better next time.
A person thinks of leaving in order to be free.
If a person serves as a role model, he inspires other kids as a result.
A person ends a dispute between two friends in order to make peace.
If a person checks stuff out, he learns about stuff as a result.
If a person gets a second job, he will feel busy.
A person behaves more calmly in order to be more pleasant.
A person is prepared for an important exam in order to do well in the exam.
If a person realizes the mistake, he wants to correct the mistake.
A person visits a patient in order to help a patient.
If a person snuggles up, he will feel comforted.
If a person had a difficult time, he will feel upset.
If a person becomes more assertive, he will feel powerful.
If a person makes a website, he will feel creative.
If a person is a sponge for knowledge, he is smart as a result.
If a person settles the matter, he will feel confident.
A person hires a therapist in order to be more emotionally stable.
If a person is always on the move, he will feel energetic.
If a person is out of context, he will feel confused.
If a person finds the perfect gift for others, he will feel delighted.
If a person sees that others is troubled, he tries to help PersonY as a result.
If a person sits and has a break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person has gotten dressed, he is ready to go as a result.
If a person appreciates others’s thinking, he likes PersonY as a result.
If a person opens a good business, he will feel successful.
If a person talks with others's friends, he gets to know PersonY's friends as a result.
A person goes away for his vacation in order to be alone.
If a person is a role model, he is respected by her peers as a result.
If a person organizes a good event, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes in a concert, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys listening to music, he will feel excited.
If a person studies hard for his exam, he will feel motivated.
A person tells her about his job in order to share his work.
A person goes for a walk on the beach in order to relax.
A person asks  a question in order to know the answer.
A person was waiting for others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person learns to appreciate the small things, he is happy as a result.
A person orders takeout for a night in order to eat something good.
If a person has a pot of soup, he will feel nourished.
If a person read a book, he will feel entertained.
If a person and others head for an adventure, he and PersonY enjoy their trip as a result.
If a person enjoys the experience, he wants to do it again.
If a person is attacked by hooligans, he gets hurt as a result.
If a person goes to church every Sunday, he will feel spiritual.
A person goes back to visit the children in order to be close to his children.
If a person meets with everyone, he wants to talk to everyone.
If a person realises a long-held dream, he will feel accomplished.
A person goes to see a therapist in order to talk about his feelings.
A person makes a surprise birthday party for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person eats dinner with family in order to be with his family.
If a person is interested in other persons, he wants to get to know more people.
If a person agrees to help, he will feel pleased.
If a person had difficulty making a decision, he will feel uncertain.
If a person gets a good workout, he feels fit as a result.
If a person hits the target, he will feel happy.
If a person has a fender bender, he is a little sore as a result.
If a person goes away for his vacation, he will feel happy.
If a person sees that something is not as it should be, he wants to fix it.
If a person gets started on it, he wants to finish it.
If a person learns how to take care of a pet, he will feel responsible.
If a person feels down, he wants to feel better.
A person snoops around the crime scene in order to find out more about the crime.
A person looks into the situation in order to find out what happened.
If a person regrets an impulsive action, he wants to avoid impulsive actions.
If a person considers the expense, he will feel concerned.
If a person is rich and successful, he will feel satisfied.
A person uses his senses in order to be in touch with his surroundings.
If a person gets the promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person is easily amused, he laughs a lot as a result.
If a person takes note of it, he will feel curious.
If a person quickly relaxes, he will feel content.
A person chooses to quit his job in order to be independent.
A person does an aerobic exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person puts his affairs in order, he wants to be ready for the future.
If a person sings out a song, he will feel joyful.
If a person tries to produce her best work, he will feel determined.
If a person has a successful business deal, he is seen as smart.
If a person can no longer tolerate it, he wants to leave.
A person waits for her friends in order to spend time with her friends.
A person leaves home for training in order to learn new skills.
If a person supports others's cause, he wants to help PersonY.
A person explains more details in order to clarify the situation.
If a person becomes the winner, he is happy as a result.
If a person takes a stance on an issue, he wants to be right.
A person moves into a luxurious home in order to be comfortable.
If a person expresses his opinion in detail, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person knows the two of them will be fine, he will feel calm.
If a person and others look it up in the book, he will feel curious.
If a person is prepared for the event, he will feel calm.
If a person writes about the world, he is seen as insightful.
A person raises a question in order to know the answer.
If a person wins others’s admiration, he will feel good.
If a person imagines herself as a failure, he will feel discouraged.
If a person returns to her usual habits, he will feel comfortable.
If a person becomes unable to handle it, he breaks down as a result.
If a person breaks into song, he will feel excited.
If a person is suspicious of others, he decides to keep an eye on PersonY as a result.
A person continues on his merry way in order to continue his routine.
If a person has bought a new cell phone, he will feel pleased.
If a person dresses nicely, he will feel beautiful.
If a person has high expectations for self, he wants to be perfect.
If a person goes to visit others's family, he is happy to see PersonY's family as a result.
If a person is suffering, he will feel helpless.
A person finds another job in order to earn money.
If a person finally visits his mother, he is happy to see his mother as a result.
If a person finds a bargain, he will feel pleased.
If a person disagrees with the opinion, he wants to change the opinion.
A person takes a chance on others in order to see PersonY succeed.
A person prepares to go on a trip in order to see the world.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he gains insight into subject X as a result.
A person returns to a previous project in order to continue his work.
If a person and others make a trade, he and PersonY both get what they want as a result.
A person takes more college courses in order to be a better student.
If a person manages to achieve it, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a new plan, he will feel determined.
If a person thinks about the story, he will feel curious.
A person asks a girl out in order to start a relationship.
If a person knows that others has changed, he wants to find out what PersonY has done.
If a person attends a computer class, he becomes more computer literate as a result.
A person wants to get others alone in order to have a private conversation.
If a person tries to keep up with the other person, he wants to be more like the other person.
If a person's wish comes true, he is happy as a result.
If a person is successful in doing something, he will feel proud.
If a person feels someone’s pain, he will feel empathy.
A person returns to therapy in order to work on his issues.
If a person is calm and rational, he will feel confident.
If a person does not know where to go, he will feel uncertain.
If a person falls in love with others's laugh, he wants to hear PersonY's laugh all the time.
If a person wins others’s approval, he will feel happy.
If a person fixes the issue, he will feel competent.
A person keeps searching in order to find the truth.
A person teaches others how to play the guitar in order to help PersonY.
A person starts to put things away in order to keep things organized.
If a person receives a hard blow, he feels pain as a result.
If a person keeps records, he has more information as a result.
If a person is worried about the outcome, he wants to be sure.
A person talks on the phone with others in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person encounters a challenge, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person wins a political argument, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets a chance to go abroad, he is happy as a result.
If a person haggles over the price, he wants to pay less.
If a person plays the guitar well, he will feel accomplished.
If a person gives himself a workout, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes amends to others, he will feel relieved.
If a person has a lot of questions, he will feel puzzled.
If a person realizes the importance of exercise, he will feel healthy.
If a person feels as if someone is watching him, he feels paranoid as a result.
A person tries to start the engine in order to be able to drive.
If a person struggles with his work, he will feel discouraged.
If a person is sick of eating the same thing, he wants to eat different food.
A person has just handed the problem over to others in order PersonY to be able to solve the problem.
A person exercises vigorously in order to be healthy.
If a person gets to know her, he wants to know more about her.
If a person does homework with others, he will feel motivated.
A person has already contacted others in order to help PersonY.
If a person picks up a glass of water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person discovers he has the wrong identification, he wants to get his ID fixed.
If a person is tired of the game, he wants to stop playing.
A person is ready to listen in order to hear someone else's point of view.
If a person finds a new beginning, he will feel optimistic.
If a person finds the idea distasteful, he doesn’t want to do it as a result.
If a person gets a kiss from others, he will feel content.
If a person is given a promotion, he will feel happy.
If a person produces something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person explains the plot to others, he and PersonY discuss the plot as a result.
A person performs tasks in order to get the job done.
If a person gets a wash and set, he will feel clean.
If a person volunteers to help the children, he will feel good.
A person continues going to school in order to finish school.
A person takes charge of the situation in order to make sure that the situation is handled properly.
If a person is a fast learner, he is a good student as a result.
If a person prepares the plan, he will feel competent.
If a person visits the pharmacy, he buys some medicine as a result.
If a person gets tangled in the woods, he wants to untangle himself.
If a person dislikes the dictator, he wants to get rid of the dictator.
A person starts to plan in order to be prepared for the future.
A person meets with others’s father in order to be able to talk to PersonY’s father.
If a person puts up a good argument, he will feel strong.
A person visits doctor in order to get better.
If a person imagines they are being followed, he feels paranoid as a result.
If a person is a successful student, he has a high GPA as a result.
If a person lands a place, he is pleased as a result.
If a person considers a different point of view, he makes a new decision as a result.
A person gives a hand in order to help others.
A person has a private conversation with others in order to be alone with PersonY.
If a person gives others a pat on the shoulder, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person writes others letters in order to keep PersonY updated.
If a person helps with the chores, he will feel useful.
If a person has a family argument, he will feel upset.
If a person makes a plan to open up, he becomes more outgoing as a result.
If a person smells a terrible odor, he will feel disgusted.
If a person learns how to act like a man, he will feel mature.
If a person eats healthily, he will feel good.
If a person finds some information, he wants to use the information.
If a person always tries to say the right thing, he is seen as a good person.
If a person visits the pharmacy, he buys some drugs as a result.
If a person communicates, he will feel connected.
If a person and others play board games, he will feel entertained.
If a person wins first place, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts to feel guilty, he wants to feel better.
If a person has plans for the party, he will feel excited.
If a person loves to serve others, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person imagines the possibilities, he will feel creative.
If a person is responsible for a job well done, he will feel pleased.
If a person learns from a book, he will feel enlightened.
A person decides not to quit school in order to be a good student.
If a person take charge of the situation, he will feel empowered.
If a person shares an interesting fact, he wants to share the fact with others.
A person is able to talk about it in order to share his experience.
A person packs the car in order to get ready for a trip.
If a person apologizes profusely, he wants to make amends.
If a person appreciates others’s company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person enjoys others’s stories, he will feel happy.
A person presents a lecture in order to share his knowledge.
If a person is involved in a mystery, he wants to solve the mystery.
If a person has good judgement, he will feel confident.
If a person thinks that others is overreacting, he wants to calm PersonY down.
If a person has a new pet, he wants to take care of the pet.
If a person sees the silver lining, he is happy as a result.
If a person is good at making decisions, he will feel wise.
If a person reaches a target, he will feel pleased.
A person speaks with his spouse in order to be able to talk to his spouse.
If a person finds someone to write for, he will feel motivated.
If a person is offered a job he likes, he will feel excited.
A person is encouraged to make contact in order to be able to connect with others.
If a person explores the next level, he wants to get better.
A person encourages others's studies in order to see PersonY succeed.
If a person appreciates others's company, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person gets a favour, he will feel respected.
If a person does not like violence, he avoids violence as a result.
If a person worries about others’s health, he wants to help PersonY.
A person avoids discussing the issue in order to avoid the conflict.
If a person has a fun idea, he wants to do it.
If a person achieves her dream, he will feel proud.
A person prays fervently in order to have a good relationship with God.
If a person makes a night of it, he will feel excited.
If a person signs up for MMA classes, he will feel excited.
If a person picks up a bad habit, he will feel addicted.
If a person becomes a fixture in the community, he will feel valued.
If a person marries his high school sweetheart, he will feel joyful.
If a person goes to mass, he will feel comforted.
A person fixes the thing in order to get the job done.
If a person regrets one’s actions, he wants to change one’s actions.
A person practices her ballet in order to be good at ballet.
If a person succeeds at something, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person gets more supplies, he is more prepared as a result.
If a person is interested in chemistry, he wants to study chemistry.
If a person has lots of fun, he will feel satisfied.
A person quits job in order to do something else.
If a person suffers a loss, he will feel upset.
If a person shows her exhaustion, he wants to rest.
If a person feels someone’s pain, he will feel sympathetic.
If a person succeeds in the interview, he will feel confident.
If a person forms an opinion, he wants to share his opinion.
If a person looks through it, he will feel interested.
If a person is given a delicious meal, he is happy as a result.
If a person and others help the widow, he will feel helpful.
If a person laments his condition, he wants to be healthy.
If a person grows angry, he wants to yell.
If a person knows his way around, he will feel in control.
If a person thinks about changing his life, he will feel motivated.
If a person fears the world is getting worse, he will feel discouraged.
If a person discusses a theory, he wants to share his ideas.
A person has studied English for a long time in order to be able to speak English.
If a person works out in the backyard, he gets fit as a result.
If a person has writer's block, he will feel frustrated.
If a person is confused about the assignment, he will feel worried.
If a person visits a health club, he wants to be fit.
A person passes a message in order to help someone.
A person picks up others from prison in order to be there for PersonY.
If a person says yes to new experiences, he will feel curious.
If a person says yes to a project, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to an art exhibit, he will feel entertained.
If a person starts to get what he wants, he will feel triumphant.
If a person appreciates and supports others, he will feel good.
A person has been collecting information in order to know more about the case.
If a person listens to an amazing concert, he will feel enthralled.
If a person is tired of the activity, he wants to rest.
If a person displays his authority, he will feel confident.
If a person is good at getting information, he will feel satisfied.
If a person notices someone being treated badly, he will feel concerned.
A person participates in mediation in order to settle a dispute.
A person takes a nice walk in order to relax.
If a person goes for a walk on the beach, he will feel calm.
If a person has sinned, he will feel guilty.
If a person comes to terms with himself, he feels better about himself as a result.
If a person chooses a great place to visit, he enjoys the trip as a result.
A person sets out for a journey in order to be free.
If a person takes up position, he will feel in control.
If a person decides to make good, he will feel happy.
If a person's career takes off, he will feel satisfied.
If a person types on a computer, he will feel productive.
A person listens to others's theory in order to understand PersonY's theory.
A person and others are on a trip in order to travel and PersonY wants to have fun.
If a person returns to the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a great new job, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to walk to the market, he will feel energetic.
If a person plans for the meeting, he will feel prepared.
A person decides to study for his class in order to pass his class.
If a person achieves one's goal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person pays off debts, he will feel satisfied.
If a person prevents an invasion of peacekeepers, he will feel victorious.
If a person reads a library book, he will feel interested.
If a person gains some new information, he will feel curious.
If a person becomes concerned, he wants to help.
If a person and others attend a dance, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person considers leaving his job in order to do something new.
If a person smells a stinky smell, he will feel disgusted.
A person signs up for a new class in order to be a better student.
A person offers a ride to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person becomes aware of a problem, he resolves the problem as a result.
A person walks a lot in order to get exercise.
If a person starts working, he will feel productive.
If a person makes a plan, he will feel determined.
A person informs others of information in order to keep PersonY informed.
If a person wins a big prize, he is pleased as a result.
If a person is given food by others, he will feel nourished.
If a person doesn't get sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person becomes self-sufficient, he will feel confident.
If a person spends the night out, he is drunk as a result.
If a person is in a business deal, he wants to make money.
If a person plays with something, he has fun as a result.
If a person is expecting, he wants to get ready for the baby.
If a person tries to comfort others, he will feel caring.
If a person serves the community, he will feel appreciated.
If a person argues for others's plan, he wants to support PersonY.
If a person completes a long task, he is seen as efficient.
If a person receives a blessing, he will feel peaceful.
If a person can’t bear to go on, he wants to quit.
If a person picks the correct answer, he will feel smart.
A person attends a faculty meeting in order to meet with his colleagues.
If a person brings the matter to an end, he will feel satisfied.
A person plans for the journey in order to make sure they are prepared.
If a person sings for a minute, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes concerned about others, he wants to find out what's wrong.
If a person trains in the morning, he will feel fit.
If a person becomes a columnist, he gains prestige as a result.
If a person washes hands often, he will feel clean.
If a person has too much responsibility, he will feel overworked.
If a person takes part in a study, he will feel interested.
If a person lies on a mat, he will feel comfortable.
If a person built his reputation on integrity, he is respected by his peers as a result.
If a person has a respectable position, he will feel valued.
A person goes to others's farm in order to learn about PersonY's farm.
If a person reconciles with Courtney, he will feel peaceful.
If a person does something much better, he will feel accomplished.
If a person checks out a book, he will feel intrigued.
If a person delivers the goods, he will feel accomplished.
If a person receives a special gift, he is pleased as a result.
If a person has a hard time making ends meet, he will feel worried.
A person trains every day in order to be in shape.
If a person shows others a good example, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others play miniature golf, he will feel entertained.
If a person vows to do so, he will feel hopeful.
A person reads some of his notes in order to understand his notes.
A person needs to go back home in order to be with his family.
A person has employed a lawyer in order to defend himself.
If a person eats and drinks well, he will feel satisfied.
If a person notices the beautiful sunset, he will feel amazed.
If a person consults a magazine, he wants to know more about the magazine.
If a person had no idea what to do, he will feel confused.
If a person is sick in the hospital, he will feel miserable.
If a person eats a bowl of cereal, he will feel full.
A person listens to others talk in order to hear what PersonY has to say.
If a person gives his time to charity, he will feel good.
If a person makes good use of his time, he will feel effective.
If a person looks in a box, he wants to find out what's in the box.
If a person agrees to the contract, he will feel pleased.
A person and others grow closer in order to be with PersonY.
A person takes care of pets in order to help animals.
If a person attends a theatrical play, he will feel moved.
If a person fights to get the upper hand, he will feel dominant.
If a person moves on to be a lawyer, he will feel happy.
If a person joins in the prayer, he will feel spiritual.
If a person starts to wonder about others's story, he wants to know more.
If a person gets started on work, he will feel motivated.
A person tries to run away in order to be independent.
A person gets a place at university in order to get a degree.
If a person feels a lot better, he will feel content.
If a person receives the goods, he is happy as a result.
A person explains the plot to others in order to help PersonY understand the story.
A person departs for somewhere else in order to be on his own.
If a person likes computer games, he wants to play more computer games.
A person buys time for others in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person gets humiliated, he will feel ashamed.
If a person's attitude improves, he wants to be more optimistic.
If a person keeps watch over the room, he will feel alert.
A person makes a business plan in order to be self sufficient.
If a person has a thought, he wants to think about it.
If a person takes care of business, he has a good day as a result.
A person joins an Alcoholics Anonymous group in order to recover from alcoholism.
If a person realizes that his cousin needs help, he helps his cousin as a result.
If a person enjoys an outing, he will feel relaxed.
If a person finally got into the swing of things, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries an experimental treatment, he wants to know if it works.
If a person chills out at home, he will feel relaxed.
If a person proves himself, he will feel proud.
If a person appreciates the video, he wants to watch the video again.
If a person enjoys the great outdoors, he will feel peaceful.
If a person repents and changes his ways, he wants to be a better person.
If a person read something on the Internet, he will feel knowledgeable.
If a person engages in intellectual dialogue, he will feel curious.
If a person buys others a beautiful suit, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a terrible toothache, he will feel miserable.
If a person is unhappy with spouse, he wants to divorce.
If a person enjoys long walks, he will feel content.
If a person plants a new rose garden, he wants to see the garden grow.
If a person has a very difficult decision to make, he will feel worried.
If a person gets everything she wants, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person asks for information, he gets information as a result.
If a person can tell there is a problem, he will feel concerned.
If a person puts on a coat, hat, and scarf, he is warm as a result.
If a person is tired of hearing about it, he wants to forget about it.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel pleased.
A person reaches others's bedside in order to help PersonY.
If a person finishes a painting, he will feel accomplished.
If a person begins to relax, he will feel relieved.
A person gets an appointment with a doctor in order to get better.
If a person gets back at person Y, he will feel vindicated.
If a person studies a table of facts, he learns the answers as a result.
A person wants to find a job in order to support himself.
If a person read through books and records, he will feel curious.
If a person investigates what might be wrong, he will feel concerned.
A person works the details in order to be thorough.
A person makes a plan to be friendly in order to be liked.
If a person can't take any more, he wants to quit.
If a person stays home and takes a nap, he wakes up rested as a result.
If a person realizes his mistake, he wants to fix his mistake.
A person stands up to leave in order to be independent.
If a person has a positive attitude, he will feel relaxed.
If a person has a healthy relationship, he will feel content.
If a person has a pleasant stay, he is pleased with the hotel as a result.
If a person takes over the control, he will feel empowered.
If a person seems well, he will feel content.
If a person volunteers to help others, he makes a difference as a result.
If a person scores a victory, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person decides to forgive, he will feel happy.
If a person keeps practicing, he will feel determined.
If a person delivers an apology, he wants to make amends.
If a person appears in the news, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person kills the bad guy, he will feel victorious.
If a person found the answer, he will feel satisfied.
A person calls others at work in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person's head is exploding, he is in pain as a result.
If a person wants to give it a try, he will feel excited.
A person shops for a holiday present in order to buy a present for his family.
If a person visits a local library, he reads a book as a result.
A person takes a stab at cooking in order to learn how to cook.
If a person takes it to the next level, he is pleased with his progress as a result.
If a person promises others a gift, he will feel pleased.
A person listens to other people in order to be a good listener.
A person is working hard in order to get ahead.
If a person begins to read the letter, he wants to know what the letter says.
If a person studies a table of facts, he wants to memorize the table.
If a person is tired of explaining it, he wants to get it over with.
If a person has made a commitment to others, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person is quite prepared, he will feel confident.
If a person explains her view, he ’s view is understood as a result.
A person asks to speak with others in order to ask PersonY a question.
If a person acquires credentials, he will feel confident.
If a person's horse falls in a ditch, he wants to get his horse out of the ditch.
A person practices on the piano in order to improve her skill.
If a person helps fight evil, he will feel courageous.
If a person researches for a report, he will feel productive.
If a person has studied English for a long time, he is seen as smart.
A person takes lessons in a foreign language in order to be fluent in a language.
A person provides a positive example for society in order to help others.
A person informs the staff in order to make sure the staff is informed.
A person serves her customers in order to be a good employee.
If a person is concerned about others's troubles, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person's house has been burglarized, he is upset as a result.
If a person enjoys a lovely walk, he will feel relaxed.
A person studies for the end-of-year exam in order to pass the exam.
If a person gives his wife a kiss, he will feel loving.
If a person's ribs are broken, he is in pain as a result.
If a person and others have some time off, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person lands a big order, he will feel confident.
If a person refuses to be fooled, he wants to see the truth.
If a person fights others over the radio, he will feel angry.
If a person listens to you, he will feel understood.
If a person expends a great deal of energy, he feels tired as a result.
If a person has a fight, he will feel annoyed.
A person explores in order to know more about the world.
If a person entertains some friends, he has a good time as a result.
If a person makes a big profit, he is pleased as a result.
A person goes to see Mum in order to be with his mother.
A person agrees to drive others to a meeting in order to help PersonY.
If a person meets the right person, he will feel content.
If a person stops to help others, he will feel helpful.
If a person looks for more stories, he is inspired by stories as a result.
A person gives others a surprise party in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person goes on to lead a quiet life, he will feel calm.
If a person marries the woman he loves, he will feel happy.
If a person explains all, he is understood as a result.
A person asks others to come over in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person takes a math class, he will feel interested.
If a person tries to read the letter, he wants to find out what the letter says.
If a person plays the major role, he will feel important.
If a person finds a girl he likes, he wants to talk to her.
A person tells others about the game in order to show PersonY the game.
A person shows respect for others in order to show PersonY that he respects him.
If a person stands up for her beliefs, he will feel strong.
If a person finds a job, he is happy as a result.
A person drives to the store in order to get some groceries.
If a person lives his life, he has a happy life as a result.
If a person picks out the right wine, he wants to buy the wine.
If a person buys a bike, he will feel happy.
If a person takes offense to the comment, he will feel angry.
If a person is rich in knowledge, he will feel wise.
If a person gets help from the doctor, he will feel relieved.
If a person pays attention to a noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person gains another perspective, he is more open-minded as a result.
If a person encounters something new, he will feel interested.
If a person enjoys his second cup of coffee, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is learning new skills, he is improving as a result.
A person continues to search in order to find the truth.
If a person helps to raise the children, he will feel responsible.
A person visits her grandma in the hospital in order to spend time with her grandma.
If a person swims in the pool, he will feel relaxed.
A person encourages others to go in order PersonY to succeed.
If a person dresses up in the house, he will feel sexy.
If a person fixes the issue, he will feel satisfied.
If a person starts to get better, he will feel hopeful.
If a person had been honored, he will feel proud.
If a person gets frustrated with others, he wants to get back at PersonY.
If a person makes a friend, he will feel pleased.
If a person wishes to get better grades, he wants to study harder.
If a person orders the book, he will feel happy.
If a person commits to a cause, he will feel confident.
If a person appears on the cover of magazines, he is interviewed by the press as a result.
If a person can dance well, he will feel graceful.
A person considers others's views in order to understand PersonY's point of view.
If a person is uncertain as to what will happen next, he will feel worried.
If a person improves skills at chess, he will feel accomplished.
If a person listens to others’s instructions, he wants to follow PersonY’s instructions.
If a person studies the English language, he wants to speak English.
If a person examines the knife, he will feel curious.
A person studies religious works in order to learn more about religion.
If a person finds it very hard to sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person realizes something's wrong, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person is not sure of his feelings, he will feel confused.
If a person revises the essay, he will feel motivated.
If a person finishes his meal, he will feel full.
If a person loses his temper, he wants to calm down.
A person brushes his teeth before going to bed in order to be clean.
If a person is a successful businessman, he has a large income as a result.
If a person learns others’s language, he is able to communicate with PersonY as a result.
If a person overcomes fears, he will feel triumphant.
If a person likes making movies, he wants to make more movies.
If a person rethinks the punishment, he wants to change the punishment.
If a person trains for a certain sport, he will feel motivated.
If a person mends a flaw, he will feel satisfied.
A person visits his parent’s grave in order to honor his parents.
A person moves on to her next job in order to keep moving forward.
If a person is watching a video, he is entertained as a result.
If a person fears another war, he wants to avoid war.
If a person put the pieces together, he knows the solution as a result.
If a person has an interesting conversation, he will feel interested.
If a person expands his spiritual horizons, he will feel inspired.
A person prepares the company's tax return in order to get the company's taxes done.
If a person tidies his room, he will feel pleased.
A person stays out of sight in order to be unnoticed.
If a person argues with the husband, he will feel upset.
If a person has a good experience, he will feel happy.
If a person holds down the fort, he will feel secure.
If a person attempts to discern information, he discovers information as a result.
If a person takes control of the whole group, he will feel powerful.
A person buys a self-help book in order to be more confident.
If a person beats others in a sword fight, he will feel triumphant.
A person travels on in order to explore the world.
If a person makes a to-do list, he will feel productive.
If a person is fighting for a promotion, he will feel determined.
If a person buys a video, he is entertained as a result.
If a person draws his own conclusions, he will feel independent.
If a person finishes eating dinner, he will feel full.
If a person takes others on a picnic, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
If a person spends time with friends, he will feel comfortable.
A person looks about the room in order to see what is around him.
If a person knows something's wrong, he will feel worried.
If a person rides to others's rescue, he saves PersonY's life as a result.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he wants to fix it.
If a person begins to relax, he will feel happy.
If a person finds it to be interesting, he has a good time as a result.
If a person rewrites the story, he will feel creative.
If a person wins in the game, he is happy as a result.
If a person keeps his wits about him, he will feel calm.
If a person and others have a blast, he will feel pleased.
A person tries to get a promotion in order to be a leader.
If a person gets some food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person practices mindfulness, he gains inner peace as a result.
A person organizes the meeting in order to have a good meeting.
If a person fixes it, he will feel competent.
If a person goes back to writing, he will feel content.
If a person gets a new toy, he wants to play with it.
If a person works out a problem, he will feel happy.
If a person is upset over his low wages, he will feel depressed.
If a person and others cook for each other, he and PersonY get along as a result.
A person applies for a position in order to be promoted.
If a person resolves a dispute, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets hired for the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person bathes regularly, he gets clean as a result.
If a person has a day off from work, he has a nice day off as a result.
If a person won a bet, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to pay it forward, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person and others are falling in love, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person sits back in his chair, he will feel relaxed.
If a person realizes a goal, he wants to achieve more.
If a person wins a third term, he will feel triumphant.
If a person snuggles up, he will feel content.
If a person works on it, he wants to do it.
If a person finds a good husband, he will feel happy.
If a person suffers from hiccups, he wants to get rid of hiccups.
If a person is bombarded by misfortune, he will feel miserable.
If a person earns others's confidence, he will feel valued.
If a person participates in protest, he will feel motivated.
If a person practices at the piano, he is a pianist as a result.
A person reads the note on his desk in order to find out what the note says.
If a person has regained the control, he will feel confident.
If a person and others play hide-and-seek, he will feel playful.
If a person has a wonderful life, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys a great feast, he will feel content.
If a person takes steps to correct the situation, he wants to get back to normal.
If a person realizes others is suspicious, he wants to know what PersonY is up to.
A person buys a rifle in order to protect himself.
If a person listens to others’s advice, he does what PersonY says as a result.
If a person practices self-discipline, he will feel strong.
If a person finds a mate, he wants to marry her.
If a person spends the evening at a party, he will feel entertained.
A person shares info with others in order to help PersonY.
A person contributes to the sport in order to be involved in the sport.
If a person suspects murder, he wants to solve the murder.
If a person practices dance, he wants to perform.
If a person wears a nice shirt, he will feel fashionable.
If a person learns from her experience, he does not repeat her mistake as a result.
If a person puts everything in order, he is happy as a result.
If a person imagines a plan, he will feel determined.
A person begins a conversation in order to be sociable.
If a person doesn’t understand what is happening, he will feel puzzled.
If a person meets expectations, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person has a serious problem, he wants to solve the problem.
If a person chooses the right answer, he will feel confident.
If a person has a delicious dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person debates the issue, he wants to make up his mind.
A person buys an outfit in order to look good.
If a person goes into deep meditation, he will feel relaxed.
A person goes to a rally in order to be part of a movement.
If a person learns to bake, he wants to cook.
If a person expresses uncertainty, he wants to be sure.
If a person feels wronged, he wants to feel better.
A person investigates the site in order to find out what happened.
If a person and others have a blast, he will feel happy.
If a person buys some toys, he wants to play with them.
If a person gets good at poker, he will feel confident.
If a person holds an art exhibition, he sells his paintings as a result.
A person takes care of an aging parent in order to make sure his parent is taken care of.
If a person buys a new book, he is excited about the book as a result.
If a person makes a surprise birthday party for others, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes the upper hand, he will feel triumphant.
If a person’s sports team wins, he will feel happy.
If a person learns manners, he is more polite as a result.
If a person feels much better, he will feel relaxed.
A person gets others to go outside in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets back to the gym, he will feel motivated.
If a person picks up others from school, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person sees an opening, he wants to get the job.
If a person hears an irritating noise, he wants to fix the noise.
If a person thinks that he or she is being haunted, he wants to get rid of the ghost.
If a person confides in Kevin, he learns to trust Kevin as a result.
If a person has a normal dinner, he will feel content.
If a person stops at the pharmacy, he buys some medicine as a result.
If a person has accomplished something, he is proud of himself as a result.
If a person visited the museum, he enjoys the museum as a result.
A person helps at the hospital in order to help people.
If a person rakes in the profits, he will feel confident.
If a person paces around the apartment, he will feel restless.
If a person has a raucous party, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person complains about always being late, he wants to be on time.
If a person starts a serious project, he wants to finish it.
If a person takes his job more seriously, he will feel more confident.
A person gets an appointment with the doctor in order to get better.
If a person buys his friend a gift, he will feel happy.
If a person confuses himself, he wants to understand himself.
If a person gives others the benefit of doubt, he feels better about PersonY as a result.
If a person takes time to help others, he will feel helpful.
A person trains solo in order to improve her skills.
If a person learns others's rules, he follows PersonY's rules as a result.
If a person is planning to go on a holiday in Berlin, he is happy about the holiday as a result.
If a person wakes up on time, he will feel alert.
If a person wonders about, he wants to learn more.
A person tries to introduce a new initiative in order to make a difference.
If a person makes a huge profit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes steps to improve his image, he wants to be more popular.
If a person exercises to relieve stress, he feels better as a result.
If a person feels guilty about moving away, he wants to move back.
A person decides to study abroad in order to broaden her horizons.
If a person gets to rest, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person knows how to do it, he is good at it as a result.
If a person and others take action, he will feel determined.
A person holds a fund-raiser in order to raise money for a good cause.
A person goes into rehab in order to get better.
A person visits the public garden in order to enjoy nature.
If a person tries to keep from panic, he does not panic as a result.
If a person has a confrontation, he will feel upset.
If a person accepts himself, he feels good about himself as a result.
If a person is home for the holidays, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person agrees to it, he will feel satisfied.
If a person tries to improve self, he is able to improve self as a result.
If a person finds a mate, he will feel satisfied.
If a person goes to a market, he wants to buy some food.
A person becomes a town official in order to help the town.
If a person is watching sports, he will feel entertained.
If a person is listening to a live program, he will feel entertained.
If a person consults person Y, he gets help from Y as a result.
If a person convinces others to stay, he will feel successful.
If a person's family makes a delicious dinner, he wants to eat the food.
If a person receives a nasty letter, he feels upset as a result.
If a person has plans to do something, he will feel determined.
If a person knows the facts, he is confident as a result.
If a person explains something, he gets understood as a result.
A person asks others for his help in order to solve a problem.
If a person buys a book from the bookstore, he reads the book as a result.
A person asks others to participate in order to include PersonY in the project.
If a person acquires a dog, he wants to take care of the dog.
If a person looks for place to sleep, he finds a place to sleep as a result.
If a person discovers that he has lost something, he wants to find it.
If a person stops at a museum on his way home, he will feel curious.
A person paces the sidewalk in order to be outside.
If a person and others write a story, he will feel creative.
If a person acts like a professional, he will feel confident.
A person speaks to others about it in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person puts on some new clothes, he will feel fashionable.
If a person checks out a book, he will feel curious.
If a person experiences difficult times, he feels down as a result.
If a person has returned to normal, he will feel happy.
A person pays for a plane ticket in order to go on a trip.
If a person is appointed to the job, he will feel successful.
A person invites friends to a gathering in order to spend time with friends.
A person carries on a conversation in order to communicate with other people.
If a person makes good time in traveling, he will feel satisfied.
If a person experiences hard times, he will feel down.
A person cleans the house for her mother in order to be helpful.
A person is going to see others in order to be with PersonY.
If a person lights a fire on a cold night, he will feel warmed.
If a person finishes beating others, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person listens to a sermon, he will feel spiritual.
If a person can do it alone, he will feel confident.
If a person visits the ice rink, he wants to skate.
If a person sinks a three-pointer, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets blamed for it, he will feel guilty.
If a person visits a new city, he wants to see the sights.
If a person thinks about learning a language, he will feel interested.
If a person is under stress, he will feel frustrated.
If a person exercises more than five times a week, he will feel energetic.
If a person practices a new recipe, he will feel creative.
A person looks over something in order to see what is there.
If a person has a great time, he will feel content.
If a person finally gets some action, he will feel satisfied.
If a person, on his own, enjoys something, he will feel fulfilled.
A person walks around, around, and around in order to exercise.
If a person and others go to church, he will feel connected.
If a person stands up and does a little dance, he will feel happy.
If a person likes eating there, he eats there often as a result.
A person goes to the doctor's office in order to get a checkup.
If a person’s salary rises, he will feel successful.
If a person decides to help out, he will feel good.
If a person helps to fix something, he will feel helpful.
If a person is a success, he will feel proud.
If a person has enough to eat, he will feel satisfied.
A person speaks to his friends in order to share his thoughts.
If a person is the author of a popular book, he will feel successful.
A person calls a colleague at work in order to keep in touch with a colleague.
A person arrives at the doctor’s office in order to have a checkup.
A person checks on him in order to be sure that he is okay.
If a person decides to focus on one thing, he gets better at that one thing as a result.
If a person gets his way, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a great project, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to the psychiatrist, he is prescribed medication as a result.
If a person notices something, he wants to investigate.
If a person trains all day, he is seen as disciplined.
If a person consults the help page, he is given some advice as a result.
If a person is welcomed, he will feel happy.
If a person dedicates effort to training, he gets stronger as a result.
If a person studies chess, he will feel focused.
If a person makes the wrong decision, he regrets his decision as a result.
A person is at a flower shop in order to buy flowers.
A person takes an online course in order to learn more about a subject.
If a person is doing exercise, he is fit as a result.
If a person is troubled by a decision, he will feel frustrated.
If a person devises a solution, he will feel competent.
A person continues working on the project in order to finish the project.
If a person decides to go for a walk, he will feel relaxed.
If a person becomes dissatisfied, he wants to get better.
If a person is angry at the writer, he wants to get back at the writer.
If a person is very busy at work, he will feel stressed.
If a person suddenly realizes the error of his ways, he wants to make amends.
If a person wants to see the movie, he enjoys the movie as a result.
A person prepares for her daily routine in order to get things done.
A person goes to see his father in order to be close to his father.
If a person smells a pleasant aroma, he wants to smell the aroma.
If a person finally settles the score, he is happy as a result.
A person decides on others's education in order to make sure PersonY gets a good education.
If a person puts on her glasses, he can see better as a result.
If a person hears something terrible, he is upset as a result.
If a person has no money and can't help his family, he will feel helpless.
If a person returns to therapy, he will feel comfortable.
If a person finds himself in a dangerous situation, he wants to get out of there.
A person prepares the sandwiches in order to make sure the sandwiches are ready.
If a person becomes involved in cleaning, he will feel productive.
If a person gets acquainted with somebody, he wants to stay in touch.
If a person believes that everything will be fine, he will feel relaxed.
If a person senses something, he wants to know what it is.
If a person explains more details, he will feel knowledgeable.
A person studies tapes of others in order to know more about PersonY.
If a person has a bad case of the flu, he will feel miserable.
If a person sits on the sofa and listens to music, he is entertained as a result.
If a person reunites with Emily, he will feel pleased.
If a person wonders if it will work, he will feel anxious.
A person confronts her tormentor in order to put an end to the torment.
A person avoids the sword thrust in order to avoid injury.
If a person regrets misjudging something, he wants to avoid making the same mistake again.
If a person has flowers delivered, he will feel happy.
If a person checks into a new hotel, he will feel comfortable.
If a person solves the problem for others, he will feel successful.
If a person holds a government position, he has influence as a result.
If a person gets acquainted with somebody, he wants to keep the acquaintance.
If a person visits the opera, he has a good time as a result.
If a person receives a special gift, he will feel happy.
If a person moves up a rank, he will feel pleased.
If a person plays games with others's children, he will feel playful.
If a person explores new ideas, he will feel intrigued.
If a person and others attend a presentation, he and PersonY learn something new as a result.
If a person complains to supervisor, he will feel angry.
If a person has a huge fight with others, he is upset as a result.
A person is filled with purpose in order to do something that will make a difference.
If a person prepares the entrance exam, he will feel motivated.
A person is about to try again in order to do better.
If a person buys a new home, he will feel pleased.
A person keeps it under control in order to stay calm.
If a person uses his shopping time effectively, he will feel satisfied.
If a person drinks something, he gets drunk as a result.
If a person tries to start a business, he wants to be a successful entrepreneur.
If a person attends a meeting with his family, he wants to spend time with his family.
If a person works on getting to know others, he will feel friendly.
If a person presents some arguments, he is seen as persuasive.
A person visits a certain web site in order to learn more about the topic.
If a person dresses in a special outfit, he will feel special.
If a person's life spins out of control, he will feel stressed.
If a person takes a breath of fresh air, he will feel refreshed.
If a person enjoys a trip to the shore, he will feel content.
If a person makes time to exercise, he will feel happy.
A person listens to the wolf in order to understand the wolf.
If a person had a good time, he will feel content.
A person writes a long letter in order to share her feelings.
A person prepares to go somewhere in order to be ready for a new task.
If a person and others fell in love, he wants to marry PersonY.
If a person flies to the hospital, he receives treatment as a result.
If a person can't have a good sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person tries to solve a new problem, he learns to solve problems as a result.
If a person ends up in a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person helps solve a problem, he will feel successful.
If a person trains with weights, he wants to be in better shape.
A person takes care of others's affairs in order to help PersonY.
If a person learns that others needs help, he decides to help PersonY as a result.
A person tries out for a sport in order to be part of a team.
If a person has an argument with his wife, he is unhappy as a result.
If a person goes to a dance party, he has a good time as a result.
If a person hears strange noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person often hangs out with others, he gets along with PersonY as a result.
If a person wears expensive clothes, he will feel fashionable.
A person joins a protest march in order to show solidarity with the people.
If a person takes on a new contract, he earns more money as a result.
If a person takes the necessary precautions, he will feel safe.
If a person becomes others’s role model, he will feel respected.
If a person finds a suspicious thing, he wants to report it.
If a person shares his concerns, he is seen as sincere.
A person plans to send an email in order to communicate with the rest of the world.
If a person isn't satisfied, he wants to be satisfied.
If a person and others get along for a while, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person and his wife argue, he will feel irritated.
If a person invites others to talk, he gets to know PersonY as a result.
If a person gets much better, he will feel relieved.
A person prepares for her work in order to do her best.
If a person buys a fancy gift, he will feel pleased.
A person talks about it to a counsellor in order to share her experience.
If a person observes a routine, he will feel secure.
A person is talking to others in order to tell PersonY something.
If a person asks an interesting question, he wants to know the answer.
A person takes steps to prosecute in order to see justice done.
If a person and others have fun together, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person is very nice, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person eats good breakfast, he feels good as a result.
If a person prepares for a journey, he will feel excited.
A person tries a new sport in order to be more active.
A person has a serious conversation with others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
If a person is financially secure, he will feel content.
If a person receives a bad review, he feels bad as a result.
A person stops others from worrying in order to keep PersonY happy.
If a person thinks of himself as a fighter, he wants to be a tough guy.
If a person forms a plan, he will feel determined.
A person offer something to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person is an industrious student, he gets good grades as a result.
If a person has retrieved the merchandise, he will feel accomplished.
If a person heads out on the town, he will feel excited.
If a person fears getting caught, he wants to avoid getting caught.
If a person can't cope with school, he will feel overwhelmed.
If a person has telephone trouble, he will feel upset.
If a person volunteers at the food bank, he gets food for the needy as a result.
If a person gets the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to go for walks, he will feel relaxed.
If a person listens to instructions, he will feel obedient.
If a person begins to learn English, he will feel motivated.
If a person is a good friend to others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person thinks of an interesting reply, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person wants to learn more about others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result.
If a person learns how to bowl, he becomes a better bowler as a result.
If a person makes a bad decision, he regrets his decision as a result.
If a person recalls childhood stories, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person creates a to-do list, he wants to do a lot of things.
If a person reads others's history, he knows more about PersonY as a result.
If a person studies science, he learns more about science as a result.
A person works for the city in order to be a part of the city.
A person goes to see a counselor in order to be helped.
If a person chose the right direction, he will feel successful.
If a person puts in a word for others, he will feel supportive.
If a person buys a new bicycle, he is happy as a result.
If a person settles the lawsuit, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has thought about it, he will feel curious.
If a person finally gets some recognition, he will feel pleased.
If a person hears on the radio a fact about economics, he will feel informed.
If a person searches for the child, he will feel determined.
If a person doesn’t sleep very well, he will feel restless.
A person tries to read the letter in order to know what the letter says.
If a person hears a noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person is going to make, he will feel confident.
If a person feels super guilty, he wants to apologize.
If a person has a special treat, he will feel content.
A person tries to do her homework in order to get good grades.
If a person takes the kids to the movies, he has fun with the kids as a result.
If a person buys a new horse, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets hugs, he feels loved as a result.
If a person decides to stop pretending, he becomes more honest as a result.
If a person is happy about something, he will feel relaxed.
If a person plays it up, he will feel excited.
A person comes to others's home in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person learns how to play tennis, he gets better at tennis as a result.
If a person feels concerned about others, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person and others arrive together, he and PersonY get along as a result.
If a person is taught to paint, he will feel creative.
If a person gets what  wants, he is happy as a result.
A person chats with personY in order to have a conversation.
If a person is not sure about what to do, he will feel confused.
If a person solves problem1 by being proactive, he will feel competent.
If a person plays the guitar for fun, he will feel pleased.
If a person finishes reading a book, he will feel content.
If a person encourages others to work harder, he wants to see PersonY succeed.
A person posts to the Internet in order to share her experiences.
A person is going to be speaking in order to share his ideas.
If a person begins to study for an exam, he will feel determined.
If a person's wallet gets empty, he will feel poor.
If a person is very well armed, he will feel confident.
A person gets a defense attorney in order to have a good defense.
If a person goes shopping for a present, he will feel happy.
If a person get help from others, he gets better as a result.
If a person works at his desk, he will feel productive.
If a person explains this and that, he is understood by others as a result.
A person listens to his elders in order to learn from his elders.
A person orders something for others in order to support PersonY.
If a person develops a feel for the game, he will feel happy.
A person sends letters to others in order to be in touch with PersonY.
If a person feels betrayed by others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
A person repairs the radio in order to make the radio work.
If a person is a victim of rape, he will feel violated.
If a person thanks her adviser, he will feel happy.
If a person sticks to the matter, he will feel focused.
A person practices for concert in order to perform well.
If a person has an attack of nerves, he wants to calm down.
If a person chooses to make this day better than yesterday, he will feel happy.
If a person finishes a task, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a clash, he will feel upset.
A person fixes the mouse in order to make sure the mouse is fixed.
A person participates in protest in order to make a difference.
If a person takes a very deep breath, he will feel calm.
If a person succeeds at losing weight, he is in better shape as a result.
If a person takes charge of the project, he will feel motivated.
A person rereads the instructions in order to understand the instructions.
A person starts a research project in order to learn more about the subject.
If a person thinks there is a problem, he wants to fix the problem.
A person places an order at a restaurant in order to be able to eat.
If a person reads in a newspaper, he will feel informed.
If a person completes the plan, he will feel accomplished.
If a person and others engage in courtship, he will feel in love.
If a person feels that others is in danger, he wants to save PersonY.
If a person becomes more compassionate, he will feel content.
If a person learns to do it by himself, he will feel confident.
If a person and others has an accident, he and PersonY are hurt as a result.
If a person makes something useful, he will feel pleased.
If a person leads a very interesting life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a new perspective, he wants to see things from a different perspective.
A person acts on his own behalf in order to be in charge of his own life.
If a person returns to therapy, he wants to get better.
If a person takes a big bite, he will feel full.
If a person tries to get information, he wants to find out what happened.
If a person hears an interesting story, he wants to hear more.
If a person goes to a good market, he buys food as a result.
If a person enjoys the outdoors, he will feel refreshed.
A person cooks food for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person accepts others’s invitation, he wants to spend time with PersonY.
If a person is able to have a good dream, he will feel refreshed.
If a person tries to stay calm, he will feel peaceful.
If a person applies for a promotion, he gets the promotion as a result.
A person studies hard for the test in order to get good grades.
If a person is reunited with a loved one, he will feel happy.
If a person goes to visit his friend, he is happy to see his friend as a result.
If a person happens to agree with others, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
A person assigns homework in order to make sure his students are doing their homework.
If a person goes to visit the doctor, he wants to be healthy.
If a person takes deep breaths, he relaxes as a result.
If a person walks in the right direction, he reaches his destination as a result.
A person begins making videos in order to be creative.
If a person becomes involved in cleaning, he wants to do more cleaning.
A person puts a new tile in the bathroom in order to make the bathroom look nice.
If a person is increasingly anxious, he wants to calm down.
A person has ordered food in order to be able to eat.
If a person goes for a holiday, he will feel relaxed.
If a person worries about school, he wants to do well in school.
A person goes to his brother's in order to help his brother.
A person makes a sketch of the house in order to get a good idea of the house.
A person writes a letter to his spouse in order to tell his spouse about his feelings.
If a person got it done, he is happy as a result.
If a person keeps a home, work, and school schedule, he will feel busy.
If a person gains information on others, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person gets up and moves in order to be active.
If a person keeps a cool head, he will feel confident.
If a person arrives at a decision, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person proves that he's innocent, he will feel victorious.
A person starts on a new journey in order to find new experiences.
If a person is warm and comfortable, he will feel happy.
If a person accuses others of hiding, he wants to know where PersonY is.
A person asks for advice from others in order to be informed.
A person picks up the email in order to read the email.
If a person has a deep breath, he will feel calm.
If a person spends his time the way he wants to, he will feel satisfied.
If a person helps prepare a meal, he will feel helpful.
If a person is moved by others's understanding, he is grateful to PersonY as a result.
A person begins to read the letter in order to find out what is in the letter.
If a person is at a rock concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person looks at the scenery, he is captivated by the view as a result.
If a person starts reading a new book, he will feel entertained.
A person keeps eye on personY in order to be aware of the people around him.
A person arrives at others's place in order to meet PersonY.
If a person enjoys a good breakfast, he will feel full.
A person turns in homework in order to be good at school.
If a person treats others to a wonderful dinner, he will feel happy.
If a person is in a rut, he will feel unmotivated.
If a person comes to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person gets his lunch, he will feel content.
A person visits a health club in order to stay in shape.
If a person tries really hard, he wants to succeed.
If a person thinks someone might shoot him, he will feel frightened.
If a person hits the trail, he will feel determined.
If a person plans a surprise party for others, he wants to keep PersonY happy.
If a person discovers a new interest, he wants to learn more about it.
A person works hard for money in order to be independent.
If a person gets things done, he will feel organized.
If a person accidentally stumbles into a dangerous situation, he will feel frightened.
If a person feels unfulfilled, he will feel discouraged.
A person visits 's friends in order to be with his friends.
If a person asks for more help, he is given more help as a result.
If a person plans for a surprise party, he will feel excited.
If a person suspects that others is hiding something, he wants to know what PersonY is hiding.
If a person has received a new inquiry, he wants to reply.
A person sits by the fire in order to feel warm.
If a person stands up to an enemy, he will feel victorious.
If a person finishes many things, he will feel accomplished.
If a person goes into therapy, he gets better as a result.
A person prepares for a math exam in order to do well on the exam.
If a person checks others into the hospital, he wants to see PersonY get better.
If a person has been doing yoga, he wants to be in shape.
A person discusses his plans in order to make his ideas known.
If a person reaches an important goal, he will feel proud.
If a person buys a good car, he is pleased with his purchase as a result.
If a person gives everyone high fives, he will feel pleased.
If a person wants to tell the story, he will feel excited.
A person moved away from his father in order to be independent.
If a person makes amends with others, he will feel happy.
A person gives his girlfriend a gift in order to show his girlfriend that he cares.
If a person starts learning something, he wants to learn more.
If a person is sensitive to others’s issues, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person and others find love, he will feel happy.
If a person is able to receive others's strength, he will feel supported.
A person talks to his father in order to understand his father.
If a person learns to control her emotions, he will feel calm.
If a person goes to a performance, he will feel entertained.
If a person makes a case for something, he will feel determined.
If a person has a bath with others, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is impressed with others's singing, he wants to hear PersonY sing again.
If a person sells a lot of stuff, he makes a profit as a result.
If a person enjoys a trip to the shore, he will feel calm.
If a person wanders around for hours, he will feel restless.
If a person believes in goodness, he wants to be a good person.
If a person goes to temple, he will feel peaceful.
If a person hears a distressing rumour, he will feel worried.
If a person gets a chance to go abroad, he will feel pleased.
If a person will suffer greatly, he will feel miserable.
If a person puts his house in order, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets his glasses, he can see better as a result.
A person types a report in order to complete a task.
If a person becomes aware of a growing problem, he wants to fix the problem.
If a person publishes a very successful book, he is happy as a result.
If a person has a fair job, he will feel valued.
If a person has an auto accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person can't get to sleep, he will feel restless.
A person suggests a topic for a presentation in order to make a good presentation.
If a person cannot handle others, he wants to get away from PersonY.
If a person asks personY for advice, he is helped by personY as a result.
If a person learns lots of things, he will feel enlightened.
If a person pays attention to every action, he wants to do everything right.
If a person is taken to a movie, he will feel amused.
If a person keeps the rules, he will feel disciplined.
If a person performs in public, he is seen as talented.
If a person gets more bills, he is financially stressed as a result.
If a person finds it to be interesting, he wants to find out more.
If a person tries to gain peace of mind, he becomes calmer as a result.
If a person thinks they are in trouble, he will feel anxious.
If a person explains the difficult problem, he is seen as intelligent.
If a person finds a new job, he will feel happy.
If a person goes into rehab, he is sober as a result.
If a person is suffering from an ailment, he is prescribed medicine as a result.
If a person hears the good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person keeps the project on schedule, he will feel in control.
If a person enters a relationship with others, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person buys firewood in order to have firewood for the winter.
If a person has a dangerous encounter, he is scared as a result.
If a person decides to relax, he will feel content.
If a person suffers from a loss, he will feel devastated.
If a person takes others's case, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person joins an art club, he will feel creative.
If a person gets cut by glass, he will feel pain.
If a person gains money, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys the new television, he will feel pleased.
If a person feels badly about it, he wants to feel better.
A person uses others as a confidant in order to be able to trust PersonY.
A person will go on in order to continue the journey.
A person tries to steer others in order to make PersonY follow her lead.
If a person does not like alleys, he wants to avoid alleys.
If a person succeeds in finding others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person chooses the perfect birthday gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person has new glasses, he is able to see better as a result.
A person opens others's mail in order to read PersonY's mail.
If a person identifies the error, he wants to fix the error.
If a person thinks of several plans, he wants to do the plans.
If a person loves to help out, he will feel happy.
If a person's business failed, he lost money as a result.
A person takes a long walk with others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person learns about himself, he wants to know more about himself.
If a person has a pleasant dream, he will feel relaxed.
If a person smells a stench, he investigates the smell as a result.
If a person enjoys being surrounded by friends, he will feel supported.
If a person is not well-informed, he does not understand the problem as a result.
If a person plays some games, he learns to play games as a result.
If a person returns to her village, he wants to see her family.
If a person searches for the information, he finds the information as a result.
If a person sets out to finish others's work, he will feel determined.
If a person enters a fitness program, he will feel healthy.
A person takes a stroll down the street in order to relax.
A person works for his dad in order to help his dad.
If a person achieves great success, he will feel proud.
If a person forms a relationship, he is happy as a result.
If a person pens a thank-you note, he will feel appreciated.
If a person becomes a musician, he plays in a band as a result.
If a person acts on others's behalf, he will feel helpful.
A person gets some work done in order to be productive.
If a person listens to his parents, he will feel obedient.
If a person feels really good about others, he wants to be with PersonY.
A person travels to campus in order to study.
If a person practices target shooting, he is good at target shooting as a result.
If a person discusses plans for the evening, he plans to go out as a result.
If a person gets dressed up for a concert, he gets to see a band he likes as a result.
If a person is consumed with anger, he wants to control his anger.
If a person goes running every day, he will feel fit.
A person makes a detailed plan in order to get things done.
A person devotes time to talk about herself in order to feel good about herself.
A person takes others to a movie in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person agrees to volunteer, he helps others as a result.
A person dropped by his friend’s house in order to spend time with his friend.
If a person gets ready for a meeting, he will feel organized.
A person gets up to speak in order to share his thoughts.
If a person gets some good advice, he is happy as a result.
If a person sees a fine display, he likes the display as a result.
A person examines the lamp in order to see if the lamp is working.
If a person keeps the project on schedule, he will feel accomplished.
If a person becomes fascinated by others, he wants to talk to PersonY.
If a person is not sure how to begin, he wants to know what to do.
If a person maintains the balance of power, he will feel in control.
If a person takes a look at it, he will feel interested.
A person tries to make others understand in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person chooses to live with others, he is happy with PersonY as a result.
If a person receives the reward, he will feel happy.
If a person made a typo, he has to correct the typo as a result.
A person checks the plants in order to be sure the plants are okay.
If a person experiences intestinal discomfort, he wants to go to the bathroom.
If a person thinks that others stole her boyfriend, he wants to find out if PersonY stole her boyfriend.
If a person reads some of the book, he gains knowledge as a result.
A person prepares to experiment in order to be prepared for a new task.
A person goes back to the bed in order to rest.
If a person often gets caught up in things, he will feel distracted.
If a person fears that others will find out, he will feel anxious.
If a person has earned money, he will feel pleased.
If a person contemplates leaving, he will feel anxious.
A person writes down ideas in order to keep a record of his ideas.
A person does his exercises in order to be healthy.
If a person looks up some information, he will feel curious.
If a person reaches an agreement, he will feel satisfied.
If a person joins a yoga class, he gets fit as a result.
If a person takes physical measures, he is in better shape as a result.
If a person volunteers to do something, he will feel helpful.
If a person learns to write, he learns to write well as a result.
If a person holds off the enemy, he will feel victorious.
A person spends time on others in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes to temple, he feels spiritually fulfilled as a result.
A person takes a second to consider the way things are in order to be thoughtful.
If a person walks the streets, he will feel free.
If a person is sure to be on time, he will feel confident.
A person prepares to carry on with her life in order to be independent.
If a person takes up ice hockey, he is good at hockey as a result.
If a person puts personY’s interests first, he wants to make personY happy.
If a person comes up with the proof, he will feel accomplished.
A person studies anatomy in order to understand the human body.
If a person comes to the party, he will feel happy.
If a person listens to her iPod, he will feel entertained.
If a person applies for the position, he is seen as competent.
If a person seeks assistance, he receives assistance as a result.
A person gets her home in time in order to be punctual.
If a person is invited to an interesting meeting, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a girlfriend, he will feel happy.
If a person gets others to quit smoking, he will feel victorious.
If a person lets go of a grudge, he will feel relieved.
A person studies algebra in order to be good at math.
If a person joins the fight, he will feel motivated.
A person meets people in order to be sociable.
If a person's career began, he is successful as a result.
A person goes to a quiet place in order to be alone.
If a person sees someone in need, he wants to help.
If a person notices it looks bad, he will feel concerned.
If a person gets something new, he will feel happy.
If a person takes up a new cause, he will feel energized.
A person tries harder in order to be successful.
If a person asks questions about others, he learns about PersonY as a result.
If a person has a quiet Sunday, he will feel calm.
If a person follows the proper procedure, he will feel satisfied.
A person practices reading in order to improve her reading skills.
If a person accepts the prize, he will feel happy.
If a person stands up for his beliefs, he will feel determined.
If a person shows off his new shirt, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets too much sun, he will feel sunburned.
A person escapes by himself in order to be independent.
If a person starts to rise, he is promoted as a result.
If a person becomes a messiah, he is revered by his followers as a result.
A person gets others to come along in order to be with PersonY.
If a person goes for an evening run, he will feel energetic.
If a person decides to fight back, he will feel brave.
A person teaches others to paint in order to help PersonY.
If a person reads a serious book, he will feel intelligent.
If a person visits a cabaret, he will feel amused.
If a person makes a point of working regularly, he will feel important.
If a person and others enjoyed the night sky, he will feel joyful.
If a person makes others a good gift, he will feel pleased.
A person continues the search in order to know the truth.
If a person sets the record straight, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a good attitude, he wants to be a happy person.
If a person never backs down, he will feel strong.
If a person is suddenly clear about something, he will feel calm.
A person changes its environment in order to make the environment more pleasant.
A person leaves the shop in order to do something else.
If a person learns to live with her misfortune, he will feel calm.
If a person travels to a new location, he wants to explore.
If a person achieves her dream, he feels happy as a result.
If a person practices hockey, he gets better at hockey as a result.
A person takes a few risks in order to try new things.
A person examines a novel that a friend gave her in order to understand the book.
If a person can't get it to work, he is frustrated as a result.
If a person holds others in a headlock, he will feel dominant.
If a person remains in power, he will feel strong.
If a person makes love to his wife, he will feel content.
If a person buys a new horse, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a deadline, he will feel stressed.
A person tries her hand at sketching in order to improve her drawing skills.
A person observes the scene in order to understand the situation.
If a person is of the same mind as others, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person is active in charity work, he will feel inspired.
If a person wins something, he will feel pleased.
A person starts to study in order to do well in school.
If a person and others are on a mission, he will feel motivated.
If a person takes the example of others, he wants to be like PersonY.
If a person looks closely at others, he wants to see PersonY's eyes.
If a person is building something, he will feel motivated.
If a person sets off on holiday, he will feel happy.
If a person takes a summer vacation, he will feel rested.
A person starts to paint in order to express himself.
If a person suffers a cataclysmic loss, he is grief-stricken as a result.
If a person finds the idea distasteful, he wants to avoid the situation.
If a person is a successful student, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds a good restaurant, he will feel pleased.
If a person has grown to like others, he will feel happy.
If a person reaps the rewards, he will feel happy.
If a person is treated as a person, he feels accepted as a result.
A person trains two hours a day in order to be in shape.
A person gets ready for a journey in order to see the world.
A person gets ready to leave the country in order to be independent.
If a person goes with others to the morgue, he wants to see the dead body.
A person sings to his dog in order to make his dog happy.
If a person searches the news, he will feel informed.
If a person cuddles, he will feel comforted.
If a person sets a date for marriage, he will feel happy.
If a person cooks an enormous meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to participate in class, he wants to study.
If a person is in a close call, he is injured as a result.
A person buys something at a café in order to have something to eat.
A person explains the plot to others in order to make PersonY understand the story.
If a person joins an exercise class, he will feel energetic.
If a person notices something is unusual, he wants to find out what is going on.
A person writes letters to everyone in order to be in touch with everyone.
A person reads a passage in order to understand the passage.
A person dials others's number in order to talk to PersonY.
A person tends to some work in order to get the job done.
If a person paints a good picture, he will feel accomplished.
If a person pays others a compliment, he will feel happy.
If a person has a very enjoyable time, he is happy as a result.
If a person is quite calm, he will feel content.
If a person has his own opinion, he wants to do things his own way.
If a person makes the trains run on time, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes a model student, he receives good grades as a result.
If a person procrastinates some more, he will feel restless.
A person continues driving in order to keep moving.
A person corrects others's behavior in order to make PersonY better.
If a person wants to know more about him, he learns more about him as a result.
If a person manages to get the job, he will feel happy.
If a person enjoys the taste of others's cooking, he will feel content.
A person takes shower in order to be clean.
If a person gets the work done, he will feel pleased.
A person continues to associate with others in order to continue to spend time with PersonY.
If a person dresses properly, he will feel good.
If a person studies her lessons, he will feel motivated.
If a person fixes a picture, he has the satisfaction of fixing it as a result.
If a person catches up on current events, he will feel interested.
If a person successfully deceives others, he will feel triumphant.
If a person buys himself some books, he will feel happy.
A person really tries this time in order to succeed.
If a person goes to a religious mass, he will feel spiritual.
A person gets a chance to go abroad in order to be independent.
If a person obeys the Law, he is seen as a good citizen.
If a person orders food for himself, he will feel independent.
If a person writes a response to an e-mail, he will feel productive.
If a person closes a business deal, he will feel pleased.
A person follows up with others in order to know what PersonY is up to.
If a person learns self-defense, he will feel empowered.
If a person wins in the game, he feels good as a result.
If a person dresses nicely, he will feel elegant.
If a person plays with her new toy, he will feel entertained.
If a person gets more exercise, he is in better shape as a result.
A person looks it up on the Internet in order to know more about the issue.
If a person has a very productive day, he will feel happy.
If a person works out a problem, he will feel smart.
If a person meets expectations, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person becomes active in social welfare work, he wants to help the poor.
If a person watches cartoons in the morning, he will feel entertained.
A person reads the directions in order to be able to use the directions.
If a person had a car accident, he is injured as a result.
If a person grumbles a lot, he will feel unhappy.
If a person starts to write a new paper, he will feel motivated.
If a person realizes success, he will feel happy.
A person begins to do better in order to be successful.
If a person is pulled into the fire, he is injured as a result.
If a person realizes that something is wrong, he wants to know what is wrong.
If a person beats others's pet, he will feel triumphant.
If a person decides to make good, he will feel pleased.
If a person begins to feel sorry for others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person works with Mother Nature in order to be a part of nature.
A person practices every day in order to be good at something.
If a person examines the possibility, he wants to find out.
If a person enjoys the company of others, he will feel happy.
If a person sees something bad, he wants to fix it.
If a person completes a thesis, he will feel pleased.
A person takes his wife to dinner in order to spend time with his wife.
If a person's purpose is fulfilled, he is happy as a result.
If a person experiences a loss, he feels sad as a result.
If a person realizes his error, he wants to fix his mistake.
If a person is learning from his mistakes, he has improved as a result.
If a person doesn't like the mail, he wants to get rid of the mail.
A person is getting through to others in order to help PersonY.
A person and others applies for a job in order to work and PersonY wants to make money.
If a person devotes herself to science, he will feel excited.
If a person thinks about it a lot, he will feel curious.
If a person succeeds at life, he will feel confident.
A person reaches an understanding with others in order to make peace with PersonY.
If a person decided to take up swimming, he becomes a better swimmer as a result.
A person writes the blog post in order to express his opinion.
If a person worries about ripples, he wants to avoid ripples.
A person looks up information on the Internet in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person’s hobby is cooking, he wants to cook more.
If a person is reading The Complete Works of Mark Twain, he will feel entertained.
If a person looks through a magnifying glass, he is able to see clearly as a result.
If a person discovers a film she likes, he wants to see the film again.
If a person gets an autograph, he will feel pleased.
If a person asks a question, he wants to get an answer.
If a person's work goes well, he will feel happy.
A person performs a computer search in order to find information.
If a person hears a disturbing rumor, he will feel upset.
If a person looks others up on Facebook, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person looks it up online again in order to know more about the topic.
If a person is very worried about others, he wants to help PersonY.
A person bathes in order to feel clean.
If a person starts getting dressed up every day, he will feel pleased.
A person takes a note from others in order to learn from PersonY.
A person makes ready to proceed in order to be ready for the next task.
If a person thinks more deeply, he is more intelligent as a result.
A person consults the doctor in order to get better.
A person reads a book on alcohol in order to learn more about alcohol.
A person fills out the application in order to apply for a job.
If a person is really angry, he wants to yell.
If a person keeps up-to-date on the news, he will feel informed.
If a person has a light meal, he will feel satisfied.
If a person buys another motorcycle, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts to collect facts, he will feel determined.
If a person watches a show on TV, he will feel entertained.
If a person puts on his belt, he will feel comfortable.
A person takes her mother to a concert in order to show her mother a good time.
If a person develops respect for schools, he is more motivated to study as a result.
If a person was the winner, he will feel happy.
If a person eats dinner every night, he will feel full.
If a person is reminded of the unpleasant memory, he will feel upset.
If a person claims victory, he will feel powerful.
If a person sends a thank-you note, he will feel pleased.
A person becomes involved in a protest in order to be a part of a movement.
If a person finds out about something, he wants to know more.
If a person gets used to a new program, he feels more confident as a result.
A person gives others food and clothes in order to help PersonY.
If a person flips through the newspaper, he will feel curious.
If a person joins a book club, he will feel connected.
If a person is always alone, he is lonely as a result.
If a person walks a tightrope, he will feel nervous.
If a person leaves with a flourish, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has a long day, he is tired as a result.
If a person gets his own back, he is happy as a result.
If a person stays happy for a while, he will feel peaceful.
If a person tries to guess the riddle, he will feel interested.
If a person takes a stroll in the park, he will feel happy.
If a person leads the discussion, he will feel in charge.
A person surprised others with a gift in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person has always been self-reliant, he will feel secure.
If a person wants to improve her relations with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
If a person sings in church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person claims his prize, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sings a popular song, he gets a lot of attention as a result.
If a person gets hit by others, he is injured as a result.
If a person joins a knitting club, he will feel encouraged.
If a person takes her new job seriously, he will feel happy.
If a person receives an urgent message, he will feel alarmed.
If a person goes to a talk show, he will feel entertained.
If a person is surprised by what happens, he wants to know what happened.
If a person experiences a great offer, he is pleased as a result.
If a person and others goes to the seaside, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person has a debt to others, he wants to pay PersonY back.
If a person gets out of a hot shower, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is irate with others, he wants to yell at PersonY.
A person goes back to a rural setting in order to live in a more natural environment.
If a person buys a computer, he wants to play games.
If a person takes a trip to the beach, he will feel refreshed.
If a person goes on holiday to the mountains, he will feel relaxed.
If a person and others have a shower, he will feel clean.
If a person notices something in the corner of the room, he wants to look at it.
If a person argues with personY, he will feel angry.
A person examines the text in order to be able to read the text.
If a person enjoys something delicious, he will feel content.
If a person tells of great plans, he will feel pleased.
If a person wonders about Life, he wants to figure out Life.
If a person manages a budget, he will feel in control.
If a person invents things, he is a successful inventor as a result.
A person organizes a project in order to get the job done.
If a person arranges something, he will feel in control.
A person rewrites the novel in order to make the novel better.
If a person starts a friendship with others, he wants to spend more time with PersonY.
A person plans for his party in order to make his party special.
If a person pleads others to forgive him, he is forgiven by PersonY as a result.
If a person questions his feelings, he will feel uncertain.
If a person suffers a cataclysmic loss, he is upset as a result.
If a person agrees to go on a date, he will feel happy.
A person serves me in order to make me happy.
If a person finishes the job first, he will feel pleased.
If a person is concerned about life, he wants to know more about life.
If a person makes a plan to be friendly, he will feel confident.
If a person decides to take a hike, he enjoys the outdoors as a result.
If a person gets along with his neighbor, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has a fight with his dad, he will feel upset.
If a person learns to be on time, he wants to be punctual.
If a person cleans his or her room, he is neat as a result.
If a person is missing others, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person does her work, he will feel motivated.
A person decided to go to war in order to fight for his country.
If a person displays his authority, he will feel powerful.
If a person lives up to others's expectation, he earns PersonY's respect as a result.
A person has a little job in order to earn some money.
If a person is worried about something, he wants to find out what is wrong.
If a person and others make a profit from their property, he will feel satisfied.
A person agrees to run for city council in order to be involved in the community.
If a person completes the task, he will feel happy.
If a person suspects that something is the matter, he will feel worried.
If a person hits a slump, he will feel discouraged.
If a person and others have a nice chat, he will feel pleased.
If a person tries to check out books, he reads more books as a result.
A person tries to share food with others in order to be nice to PersonY.
If a person decides to take a long rest, he will feel refreshed.
If a person becomes a top player, he will feel pleased.
A person discusses death in order to understand death.
If a person contemplates how much time remains, he will feel concerned.
If a person considers a different point of view, he thinks about the problem as a result.
If a person is given advice, he will feel informed.
If a person teaches others to smile, he makes PersonY happy as a result.
If a person gets prepared for it, he will feel confident.
If a person gets a sick cat, he wants to take care of the cat.
If a person seems like a sweet person, he wants to be nice.
If a person begins to believe in others, he will feel confident.
If a person goes back to church, he will feel spiritual.
If a person develops a proposal, he wants to present the proposal.
If a person confides in a friend, he is supported by a friend as a result.
If a person is doing exercise, he will feel energetic.
If a person considers the prospect, he will feel intrigued.
If a person was disappointed in some decisions, he will feel frustrated.
If a person manages to complete a project, he will feel pleased.
If a person considers the facts, he wants to believe the facts.
A person talks with others in the garden in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person has a point to make, he will feel persuasive.
If a person gets on with her work, he will feel motivated.
If a person gets a reward for good work, he is happy as a result.
If a person visits an art exhibit, he will feel stimulated.
If a person has a sensation of pain, he wants to feel better.
If a person continues the game, he will feel determined.
If a person enjoys a soak in the tub, he is relaxed as a result.
If a person teaches others some dance moves, he makes PersonY a better dancer as a result.
If a person gives thanks to others, he will feel content.
If a person looks all around the room, he will feel alert.
If a person gets an opportunity, he wants to pursue the opportunity.
A person checks the bulletin board in order to know what is going on.
If a person realizes his guilt, he will feel ashamed.
If a person believes that others has done this, he wants to find out what PersonY has done.
If a person and others go to the store, he and PersonY buy groceries as a result.
If a person plays piano, he is good at playing the piano as a result.
If a person learns a lot of new information, he has a better understanding of the subject as a result.
If a person attends an outdoor concert, he will feel entertained.
If a person grows fond of personY, he wants to spend more time with personY.
If a person listens to his conscience, he does not lie as a result.
If a person is reconciled, he will feel relieved.
A person gives things to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person goes dancing, he will feel happy.
If a person learns a particular piece of information, he will feel enlightened.
A person proposes moving to a new area in order to start a new life.
A person has been taking important notes in order to keep track of the important things.
A person opens the curtains and window in order to be able to see the outside world.
If a person buys a luxury car, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's plan seems to be working, he will feel confident.
If a person moves to a new neighborhood, he wants to explore the new neighborhood.
If a person begins a workout, he wants to be in shape.
If a person applies logic, he will feel smart.
If a person practices self-help methods, he wants to feel better.
A person provides shelter and food for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person does something to help, he will feel good.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to go investigate.
If a person is doing well in their job, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is building something, he will feel productive.
If a person regrets the fight, he wants to apologize.
If a person wins first prize in a poetry contest, he is pleased as a result.
If a person comes to others's defense, he makes PersonY feel better as a result.
A person asks others to go on a date in order to have a romantic evening with PersonY.
If a person worries about his school work, he wants to be a better student.
A person acts quickly and wisely in order to make a good decision.
If a person learns to play bridge, he improves his skills as a result.
A person is playing with the kids in order to be with the kids.
If a person shows concern for others, he wants to comfort PersonY.
If a person beats others at a race, he will feel confident.
If a person kisses the bride, he will feel happy.
If a person gets a nasty surprise, he will feel upset.
If a person attends the lecture, he is informed about the topic as a result.
If a person's bill is overdue, he will feel upset.
A person is on the way to see others in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person gets his reward, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a hobby, he will feel happy.
If a person, on his own, enjoys something, he will feel content.
If a person is on top of a list, he will feel in control.
If a person immediately regrets the action, he wants to avoid doing the action again.
If a person is one-up, he will feel triumphant.
A person acts immediately in order to get the job done.
If a person questions a decision, he wants to make a different decision.
If a person starts the chase, he will feel determined.
If a person shows interest in others's success, he helps PersonY as a result.
If a person has grown to like others, he wants to be with PersonY.
If a person tries to read for pleasure, he will feel satisfied.
If a person gets a cool job, he will feel happy.
If a person completes task, he will feel satisfied.
If a person studies about humanity, he will feel intrigued.
If a person learns the value of patience, he wants to be patient.
If a person can’t stand others, he wants to avoid PersonY.
If a person and others enjoys one another's company, he will feel happy.
A person goes home for the holidays in order to spend time with his family.
If a person plays a game on his phone, he will feel amused.
A person introduces others to her children in order to help PersonY feel welcome.
If a person writes a list of things he wants to do, he will feel determined.
If a person gets caught up in others's plans, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person volunteers to be on the team, he will feel good.
A person goes back to school after break in order to finish his education.
If a person is kind to animals, he wants to help animals.
A person cleans everything thoroughly in order to be neat.
If a person checks out his options, he wants to choose.
If a person gets rid of the negative emotions, he will feel calm.
If a person and others have fun, he will feel satisfied.
If a person runs for class president, he wants to win.
If a person has gone a long time without sleep, he is tired as a result.
If a person begins to miss home, he decides to return home as a result.
If a person finds an object of value, he wants to keep it.
If a person gets his own back, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is appointed head of a charity, he wants to help people.
If a person enjoys alone time, he will feel relaxed.
If a person stops at the pharmacy, he buys medicine as a result.
If a person discovers that others needs help, he offers to help PersonY as a result.
If a person slays others, he will feel victorious.
A person and others decide to leave in order to be free and PersonY wants to leave.
If a person knows what to do next, he solves the problem as a result.
If a person claps along, he will feel excited.
If a person goes to his favorite restaurant, he will feel satisfied.
If a person looks for better ways to do it, he will feel motivated.
If a person remembers to take a break, he will feel relaxed.
A person decides to look in order to find out what is going on.
A person offers a fair and balanced definition of an issue in order to be impartial.
If a person finally gets a pay rise, he will feel pleased.
A person calls the family in in order to spend time with his family.
A person attends every class in order to be good at school.
If a person gets more than five hours of sleep, he feels rested as a result.
If a person goes to the mall and buys presents, he will feel happy.
If a person becomes one of the activists, he will feel enthusiastic.
If a person has gone a long time without sleep, he feels exhausted as a result.
If a person overcomes others's attempts, he will feel victorious.
If a person wonders why the teacher is being so difficult, he wants to find out why.
If a person gives others a standing ovation, he will feel pleased.
If a person sells car for profit, he is pleased with the sale as a result.
If a person regrets past actions, he wants to do better.
If a person tells about his experience, he is seen as insightful.
If a person serves a perfect dinner, he will feel pleased.
If a person and others went to the opera, he and PersonY had a good time as a result.
A person makes the decision to bring others in in order to be able to help PersonY.
If a person just won't let it go, he wants to keep talking about it.
If a person looks at others’s equipment, he is interested in PersonY’s equipment as a result.
If a person is really enjoying himself, he wants to continue to enjoy himself.
If a person makes himself useful, he will feel good.
If a person receives a facelift, he is more attractive as a result.
If a person is injured in a car accident, he will feel in pain.
If a person is forced to do something unpleasant, he feels upset as a result.
If a person carries out the job, he will feel successful.
If a person writes about the world, he is a published author as a result.
If a person smells a gas leak, he wants to find the leak.
A person gives it his all in order to be a winner.
A person spends hours on the project in order to get the job done.
If a person buys a large house, he is happy as a result.
If a person gets sick from dinner, he will feel miserable.
If a person visits her old school, he learns about the past as a result.
A person starts going to the library everyday in order to read more.
If a person heads to the bar, he wants to get drunk.
If a person wins at golf, he will feel confident.
A person tells others about computer hacking in order to show PersonY how to hack.
If a person starts to meditate, he will feel peaceful.
If a person takes a walk, he gets exercise as a result.
A person goes to look for her mother in order to be with her mother.
If a person gets hired by a company, he is seen as a good worker.
If a person learns from their mistake, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
A person is a full time student in order to succeed in school.
A person is in bed with their partner in order to be intimate with their partner.
If a person takes over responsibility, he will feel in control.
If a person begins to lose his place, he will feel upset.
If a person sticks up for himself, he will feel confident.
If a person reads some of the book, he will feel interested.
A person tries to say something in order to be heard.
If a person gets a better job, he will feel happy.
If a person reads the book, he gains knowledge as a result.
If a person arranges for a friend to visit, he will feel pleased.
If a person is tired of being rejected, he wants to be accepted.
If a person finds others’s behavior abhorrent, he wants to stop PersonY from acting like that.
If a person thinks on others's advice, he wants to do what PersonY says.
If a person and others enjoy a walk, he and PersonY get to know each other as a result.
A person tells his friend that he is gay in order to be open about his sexuality.
If a person tells a friendly joke, he gets a laugh as a result.
A person gives others an apology in order to make amends.
A person examines the lamp in order to understand the lamp.
If a person holds a meeting to complain, he will feel angry.
If a person buys a home in Georgia, he will feel pleased.
A person practices mindfulness in order to stay calm.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he wants to know more about subject X.
If a person beats others in a debate, he will feel triumphant.
A person goes to an outdoor concert in order to enjoy the concert.
If a person strikes it rich, he will feel elated.
If a person continues studying, he will feel determined.
If a person ponders a puzzle, he wants to solve the puzzle.
If a person is appointed to the job, he will feel pleased.
If a person is having a good time, he is happy as a result.
If a person will find it hard to accept, he is upset as a result.
If a person stays home for dinner, he has a quiet evening as a result.
If a person looks over others's finances, he wants to know how much money PersonY has.
If a person and others spend a relaxing time together, he and PersonY get closer as a result.
A person passed on the information in order to be helpful.
If a person improves the productivity, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sees a doctor about an illness, he is prescribed medicine as a result.
A person stops to smell the roses in order to enjoy the beauty of nature.
If a person does an outstanding job, he will feel proud.
A person starts a nonprofit organization in order to help people.
If a person and others find love, he wants to be married.
If a person takes personY on a date, he wants to spend more time with personY.
If a person indulges in a meal, he will feel full.
If a person finds love at last, he wants to get married.
If a person goes to sleep early, he gets a good night’s sleep as a result.
If a person succeeds in impressing others, he is liked by PersonY as a result.
If a person forms a close relationship, he will feel happy.
If a person is the guest of honor, he will feel respected.
If a person attends a performance, he enjoys the performance as a result.
If a person starts to read the menu, he will feel interested.
If a person dines in a five-star restaurant, he will feel elegant.
If a person organizes something, he will feel accomplished.
If a person had a disagreement with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result.
If a person gets medicine, he will feel cared for.
A person is already in bed in order to be rested.
If a person buys something from the store, he will feel satisfied.
A person performs for others in order to make others happy.
If a person is having a conflict, he will feel stressed.
If a person gets healed, he will feel whole.
If a person finally lands a job, he will feel pleased.
If a person loves to go for walks, he wants to walk more.
If a person practices a hobby, he will feel happy.
A person is in favor of marrying others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person learns to be self-sufficient, he will feel pleased.
If a person meets the deadline, he will feel successful.
A person lobbies the US Senate in order to get a bill passed.
If a person feels regret, he wants to feel better.
If a person is in over his head, he wants to get out of the situation.
If a person works on his hobby, he makes progress as a result.
If a person participates in a tradition, he will feel included.
If a person inquires about others's past, he wants to know more about PersonY.
If a person has a good argument, he will feel intelligent.
If a person is hit by others’s car, he is injured as a result.
A person gets started writing a review in order to express his opinion.
A person sets the table in order to be a good host.
If a person goes to the drug store, he buys some medicine as a result.
If a person does an aerobic exercise, he will feel fit.
If a person gets to like others, he will feel happy.
A person gives a job to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person dresses for dinner, he will feel elegant.
A person flees the home in order to be independent.
If a person manages to make the decision, he is satisfied with the decision as a result.
If a person tries to get a good job, he will feel motivated.
A person told others to attend class in order PersonY to learn a lesson.
If a person mends a friendship, he will feel good.
If a person is a prominent member of society, he is well-liked as a result.
If a person's body falls apart, he will feel in pain.
If a person reads about the case, he will feel interested.
If a person does something awesome, he is praised by others as a result.
If a person begins to heal, he will feel hopeful.
A person attends the morning class in order to learn.
If a person is excited about the project, he wants to work on the project.
If a person has begun to form an idea, he wants to investigate.
If a person's newspaper is delivered every day, he will feel informed.
If a person puts on his make-up, he looks good as a result.
If a person is accepted into the university, he wants to stay in school.
If a person suffers at the hands of bullies, he will feel upset.
If a person works out a plan, he has a good plan as a result.
If a person explores the past, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person has a lovely time, he will feel excited.
If a person goes out and relaxes, he feels refreshed as a result.
If a person gets one up on others, he will feel satisfied.
A person continues to learn in order to be more knowledgeable.
If a person remembers to take a break, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is great at this, he will feel happy.
If a person forms a purpose, he wants to make a difference.
A person purchased a gift for others in order to make PersonY happy.
A person decides to leave others in order to be independent.
If a person is singing, he will feel happy.
If a person makes a call to an attorney, he is informed of his rights as a result.
If a person sees a bit of good news, he will feel hopeful.
If a person puts his feet up, he will feel relaxed.
A person worked with others in order to help PersonY.
If a person receives a personal gift, he will feel happy.
A person gets his way in order to have control.
If a person becomes a rockstar, he gets lots of fans as a result.
If a person sets up her room, he will feel organized.
If a person sends in a resume, he wants to get a job.
A person asks question to experts in order to learn more about a topic.
If a person wants to be responsible, he wants to do everything right.
If a person gets shot in the shoulder, he is in pain as a result.
If a person is tired of it, he wants to stop.
If a person gets used to new medication, he will feel good.
If a person decides to turn in a paper on time, he will feel confident.
If a person reconnects with others, he will feel happy.
If a person learns from his mistakes, he becomes a better person as a result.
A person decides to involve personZ in order to be able to help personZ.
If a person has discovered a solution, he will feel satisfied.
If a person questions their wisdom, he wants to know more.
A person is an active member in order to contribute to the group.
A person was in the shower in order to get clean.
If a person has a very good time, he will feel satisfied.
If a person talks to everyone, he will feel friendly.
A person is reading books in order to learn more.
A person invites others to the store in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person listens to news on radio, he is informed of a news story as a result.
A person revises the language list in order to make sure the language list is correct.
If a person looks up things online, he learns about the Internet as a result.
A person heads west in order to be on the road.
If a person is polite and generous, he is liked by others as a result.
If a person wails on her drum, he will feel joyful.
If a person learns to have fun, he wants to be a fun person.
If a person signs up for school, he will feel motivated.
If a person meets others's mom, he wants to get to know PersonY's mom.
A person helps out again in order to help others.
If a person finally does it, he will feel proud.
If a person has a big fight, he will feel upset.
If a person finishes project, he will feel accomplished.
If a person has lots of fun, he is happy as a result.
If a person has to deal with the terrible event, he is sad as a result.
A person takes up a new cause in order to make a difference.
If a person watches video, he is entertained as a result.
If a person is going to keep on cooking, he is seen as a good cook.
If a person surprises others with flowers, he will feel pleased.
If a person arranges another tryst, he will feel satisfied.
If a person sorts out his life, he will feel satisfied.
If a person rakes in the cash, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys her time alone, he will feel relaxed.
If a person faces a paradox, he wants to solve the paradox.
If a person gets into a conflict, he wants to get out of the conflict.
If a person works to accomplish a goal, he achieves his goal as a result.
A person makes an exception for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person thinks that others is missing, he wants to find PersonY.
If a person goes to a beauty salon, he will feel beautiful.
A person begins therapy in order to get better.
If a person asks a very good question, he will feel smart.
A person begins to do more exercise in order to be healthy.
If a person is a member of a church, he will feel spiritual.
A person seeks professional help in order to improve his life.
If a person tastes a treat, he will feel satisfied.
If a person convinces others to do it, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes a big success, he will feel confident.
If a person regrets losing control, he wants to get control back.
A person visits someone in prison in order to help someone.
If a person starts practicing, he will feel motivated.
If a person insists on taking the lead, he will feel confident.
If a person reads the writings of others, he understands the writings of PersonY as a result.
If a person swims with friends, he has fun as a result.
If a person calls others's doctor, he wants to know if PersonY is going to be okay.
If a person consumes excessive alcohol, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person hears of good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person is bothered, he wants to do something about it.
A person teaches others well again in order to help PersonY succeed.
If a person feels threatened, he wants to be safe.
If a person received many promotions, he will feel accomplished.
If a person wins a prestigious award, he will feel proud.
If a person looks up into the mirror, he gets a good look at his face as a result.
If a person has won the match, he will feel pleased.
If a person gets a real job, he is happy as a result.
If a person studies one hour every day, he will feel motivated.
A person organizes the church party in order to make the party a success.
If a person has seen an accident, he is worried as a result.
If a person needs help with a personal problem, he wants to talk to a counselor.
A person calls the doctor in order to get well.
If a person is in favor of marrying others, he will feel happy.
If a person isn’t feeling well, he wants to feel better.
A person pays to learn how to play in order to be better at a game.
If a person improves his public image, he will feel confident.
A person rereads the message in order to know what the message says.
If a person sees a good show, he is happy as a result.
A person talks to her children in order to connect with her children.
A person eventually moves out in order to be independent.
If a person meets person Z, he wants to know person Z.
If a person is open to new ideas, he wants to be creative.
A person walks to a restaurant in order to be able to eat.
If a person takes the necessary precautions, he is safe as a result.
If a person visits a circus, he will feel amused.
If a person and others buy house together, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person and others takes a walk, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person begins to read a letter in order to know what is in the letter.
If a person hears bad news, he is upset as a result.
If a person has lots of money, he will feel rich.
If a person gets others to admit something, he will feel pleased.
A person gets in a car in order to go somewhere.
If a person is working in the garden, he will feel productive.
A person walks a few steps forward in order to keep moving forward.
If a person stays to work, he is paid as a result.
If a person sets a good example, he will feel respected.
If a person and others remember their travels, he and PersonY have fond memories as a result.
A person passed on the information in order to be a helpful person.
If a person works to earn money, he will feel motivated.
If a person convinces others to do something, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has not enough rest, he will feel tired.
If a person overcomes fear with love, he will feel happy.
If a person has bought a new car, he will feel happy.
If a person meets the press, he is photographed as a result.
If a person has a new plan, he wants to try it out.
If a person finds an efficient way, he will feel satisfied.
A person asks a person out in order to start a relationship.
If a person looks up information on the Internet, he is interested in learning more as a result.
A person looks into others's eyes in order to understand PersonY.
If a person is studying hard, he is prepared for the exam as a result.
If a person wants to know the news, he is told the news as a result.
If a person begs to be excused, he is allowed to leave as a result.
If a person plans on getting married, he will feel happy.
A person invites others to lunch in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person quits life of crime, he wants to be a good person.
If a person promises to get married, he will feel happy.
If a person gets better at soccer, he wants to play soccer more.
If a person is accosted by man, he will feel threatened.
A person begins working out in order to be in shape.
A person celebrates the success of others in order to be happy for PersonY.
If a person has a break down, he wants to go to the hospital.
A person starts to write the poem in order to express his feelings.
If a person uses logic to argue, he will feel clever.
If a person ponders the decision, he will feel puzzled.
If a person makes a special effort to help others, he will feel kind.
If a person worries about a relapse, he wants to get better.
If a person whistles a happy tune, he will feel relaxed.
If a person accepts others's compliment, he will feel appreciated.
If a person finds a new hobby, he wants to do more of that.
If a person fears a fire, he wants to avoid a fire.
If a person achieves her objective, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is angry at another, he wants to fight.
If a person offers to do a good turn for others, he will feel pleased.
A person rushes to others's home in order to be with PersonY.
If a person makes the winning shot, he will feel proud.
If a person secretly wants something, he wants to keep it a secret.
If a person starts work on his novel, he will feel creative.
If a person regrets an act, he wants to avoid the same mistake.
If a person learns to be more assertive, he will feel empowered.
If a person takes care of the guest, he will feel helpful.
If a person tries to guess it, he will feel curious.
A person thinks about going for a drive in order to relax.
If a person puts aside his concerns, he is calm as a result.
If a person gets a newspaper delivered to her door, he reads the newspaper as a result.
If a person gets a feeling, he wants to find out what it is.
If a person tries to understand politics, he learns about politics as a result.
If a person starts attending classes, he will feel motivated.
If a person hangs out with a new friend, he will feel comfortable.
If a person devours the food, he will feel satisfied.
If a person becomes wary, he wants to feel safe.
If a person submits his application, he wants to get accepted.
A person goes to a family wedding in order to be with his family.
A person does a lot of favors in order to help people.
If a person does not sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person sets to work, he will feel motivated.
If a person likes to rest, he will feel relaxed.
If a person is bound by his sense of duty, he wants to do what he's supposed to do.
If a person shares others’s burden, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person speaks to the citizens, he is seen as persuasive.
If a person makes love to , he will feel satisfied.
If a person complains about a barking dog, he wants to get rid of the dog.
If a person finds a great job, he is happy as a result.
If a person follows a set of rules, he is disciplined as a result.
If a person prays for a while, he will feel spiritual.
If a person receives instructions, he follows instructions as a result.
A person works harder in order to be more successful.
If a person indulges in a meal, he will feel happy.
A person acts in a polite manner in order to be a good person.
A person enters the supermarket in order to buy food.
If a person still works out, he will feel healthy.
A person tries to get along with others in order to be a good friend.
A person insists that others eat in order to be sure that PersonY is well fed.
If a person returns to his hometown, he will feel at home.
If a person visits a few cities, he will feel interested.
If a person finds a house for sale, he wants to buy the house.
If a person dislikes the road block, he wants to remove the road block.
If a person returns to fishing, he will feel content.
A person writes down notes about others in order to remember the details of PersonY.
If a person achieves one's goal, he will feel happy.
If a person gets the good news, he will feel delighted.
If a person notices a library book is overdue, he wants to return the book.
If a person discovers a new passion, he is happy as a result.
If a person isn't sure what happened, he is confused as a result.
If a person cleans the place up, he will feel organized.
If a person learns how to ride, he gets better at riding as a result.
If a person persuades others to leave, he will feel pleased.
A person decides not to get angry in order to be peaceful.
A person was walking to the store in order to get some groceries.
If a person and others go to the ocean, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
A person pays a visit to a friend in order to be close to a friend.
If a person wins the event, he will feel pleased.
If a person falls from a horse, he is injured as a result.
If a person gives a favorable report, he will feel satisfied.
A person avoids apologizing in order to be free of the burden of apology.
If a person makes some improvements, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds life too monotonous, he wants to be more active.
If a person gets a fresh start, he will feel refreshed.
If a person is enjoying a cup of coffee, he will feel happy.
If a person is good at fighting, he will feel confident.
A person announces his intention to write a book in order to share his knowledge.
A person types a note in order to send a message.
A person attempts to console others in order to be supportive.
If a person cannot face it anymore, he wants to quit.
If a person completes a good-luck ritual, he will feel hopeful.
If a person stops at a food bank, he gets food as a result.
If a person inquires about a discount, he gets a discount as a result.
If a person joins a volunteer service, he will feel good.
If a person shakes hands with everyone, he will feel friendly.
If a person responds to others's explanation, he will feel understood.
If a person has a seat at the table, he gets to eat with the family as a result.
If a person's sister suggests to  a good movie, he will feel entertained.
A person puts money in others's purse in order to help PersonY.
If a person is rewarded for something he or she did, he is happy as a result.
If a person finally finds a good job, he will feel happy.
If a person practices arts and crafts, he will feel artistic.
If a person practices their skill, he is better at their skill as a result.
A person takes a car to the shop in order to get the car fixed.
If a person receives the long-awaited news, he is happy as a result.
If a person signs up for a study, he will feel excited.
If a person has a passionate belief, he wants to share his belief.
If a person stops screaming, he calms down as a result.
If a person emerges victorious, he will feel happy.
A person goes to a good restaurant in order to eat good food.
If a person receives it as a gift, he will feel pleased.
If a person has a really good time, he will feel content.
A person stops to watch the sunset in order to enjoy the beauty of nature.
If a person and others are engaged to be married, he will feel happy.
If a person cares for others deeply, he wants to be close to PersonY.
If a person thinks that something is not clear, he wants to understand.
If a person loves a challenge, he wants to take on a new challenge.
If a person finds a secluded spot, he has a private moment as a result.
A person begins university in order to get a degree.
A person talks to her roommate in order to get to know her roommate.
If a person is really good at something, he will feel proud.
If a person decides to see a therapist, he wants to be happy.
If a person gains clarity, he will feel confident.
If a person drinks a whole bottle of whiskey, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person marries the woman he loves, he is happy as a result.
A person delivers a message to others in order to help PersonY.
If a person acts assertively, he will feel powerful.
If a person takes a bunch of pictures, he takes some great pictures as a result.
A person does some backpacking in order to explore the world.
A person tries to get the door open in order to get into the room.
If a person makes something, he will feel creative.
If a person has become bored with work, he wants to do something new.
A person took others on a date in order to spend time with PersonY.
A person practices many times in order to improve.
If a person is offered a great job, he will feel happy.
If a person learns to do something else, he becomes more versatile as a result.
If a person turns on the air conditioning, he will feel comfortable.
If a person is out of a job, he is looking for a new job as a result.
If a person watches a game show, he will feel entertained.
If a person ensures success, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts dancing, he becomes a good dancer as a result.
A person begins to meditate in order to clear her mind.
If a person has always been self-reliant, he will feel competent.
A person talks with her neighbor in order to have a conversation.
A person engages in sexual foreplay in order to be intimate with his partner.
If a person finds a kindred spirit, he will feel supported.
A person grinds into gear in order to get the job done.
If a person and others travel abroad, he will feel adventurous.
If a person accepts to read others's novel, he will feel interested.
If a person finds the house well-kept, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes a bubble bath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person organizes her tasks, he will feel motivated.
A person hires a trainer in order to get in shape.
If a person looks others up on the internet, he wants to know more about PersonY.
A person encourages others's passion in order to help PersonY achieve his goals.
If a person and others grow up together, he and PersonY are friends as a result.
If a person strikes it rich, he will feel happy.
A person goes to her parents' house in order to be with her family.
If a person is living the good life, he is happy as a result.
If a person is dressed in a way that seems confusing, he looks strange as a result.
If a person tells about the past, he is seen as knowledgeable.
A person puts on clothing in order to be comfortable.
If a person finally found the right job, he will feel happy.
If a person brings it all together, he will feel satisfied.
If a person decides to talk, he will feel comfortable.
If a person learns to put on disguises, he can impersonate people as a result.
If a person recognizes that something is wrong, he wants to get help.
If a person fights against an enemy, he wants to defeat the enemy.
If a person is worried about becoming fat, he wants to be thin.
If a person completes an elite internship, he will feel accomplished.
A person tries to be extra careful in order to avoid being hurt.
If a person keeps things running, he will feel confident.
If a person learns about culture, he is more culturally aware as a result.
If a person is isolated, he feels lonely as a result.
If a person works on a novel, he will feel motivated.
If a person is stressed out by home responsibilities, he wants to relax.
If a person gets his cake, he will feel satisfied.
If a person makes friends with kids, he will feel accepted.
If a person performs a service for others, he will feel satisfied.
If a person discovers what he's looking for, he will feel content.
If a person enrolls in a course, he will feel excited.
If a person wins a wrestling match, he will feel triumphant.
If a person gets involved in a fight, he learns to fight as a result.
If a person goes for walks, he will feel energetic.
If a person finds out something new, he will feel intrigued.
If a person reads the newspaper every day, he is well informed as a result.
If a person becomes very curious, he learns about new things as a result.
If a person attends church on time, he will feel faithful.
If a person and others lie down to rest, he will feel peaceful.
If a person builds on their business, he earns more money as a result.
If a person finds it to be best, he will feel fulfilled.
If a person is ashamed of his plans, he wants to hide his plans.
A person carries out a plan in order to get the job done.
If a person goes out of his way for others, he will feel happy.
If a person gathers some info, he will feel alert.
If a person drinks over time, he becomes a drunk as a result.
If a person puts on a helmet, he will feel protected.
If a person has a good time in the park, he will feel happy.
If a person worries that personY might not know, he wants to tell personY.
A person works out at the gym in order to stay in shape.
If a person relaxes in bed, he will feel happy.
If a person does well in school, he will feel confident.
If a person doesn’t understand the whole thing, he is puzzled as a result.
If a person studies nature, he learns to appreciate nature as a result.
A person places others in a seat in order to make PersonY comfortable.
If a person settles down to work, he will feel productive.
If a person is worried about the safety of his pet, he wants to find a solution.
If a person can't go to sleep, he will feel restless.
If a person is willing to take the challenge, he wants to succeed.
If a person lays down and takes a nap, he will feel relaxed.
If a person concentrates, he will feel calm.
If a person comes to terms with his actions, he will feel peaceful.
If a person goes dancing, he will feel excited.
If a person sees the lighter side of life, he will feel cheerful.
If a person enrolls in the college, he will feel motivated.
A person works on himself in order to be a better person.
A person continues to speak in order to continue the conversation.
If a person gets a leg up, he will feel pleased.
If a person questions the doctor, he wants to find out more about the doctor.
If a person places emphasis on a solution, he comes up with a solution as a result.
If a person challenges evil, he will feel courageous.
If a person becomes poor, he is in debt as a result.
A person listens to his intuition in order to be in tune with his inner voice.
If a person reads a fascinating story, he is impressed by the story as a result.
If a person finds the situation a nuisance, he wants to get rid of the situation.
If a person embarks on a holiday, he will feel refreshed.
If a person relaxes and is carefree, he is happy as a result.
A person organizes work schedule in order to be efficient.
If a person is unhappy with the result, he gets angry as a result.
If a person is going to visit his mother, he is glad to see his mother as a result.
A person visits the family in order to be a part of the family.
If a person puts in time, he will feel motivated.
If a person dresses up for a night out, he will feel happy.
A person writes the lyrics in order to express himself.
If a person listens to others for a change, he is more attentive to PersonY as a result.
If a person experiences pain, he wants to feel better.
If a person meets another adult, he has a conversation with the other adult as a result.
If a person has bad news, he will feel sad.
If a person finally finds what he's looking for, he will feel satisfied.
If a person embarks on a holiday, he will feel content.
A person sews clothes for the baby in order to help the baby.
If a person considers others's question, he will feel thoughtful.
If a person checks the reviews, he wants to know what people think of his work.
If a person gets lucky, he will feel pleased.
A person stays clean in order to keep his life in order.
If a person gets credit for a breakthrough, he is recognized by his peers as a result.
If a person and others are satisfied, he will feel peaceful.
A person tweets updates in order to keep his followers updated.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited vacation, he will feel relaxed.
A person begins to live in a new place in order to start a new life.
A person talks to others at work in order to have a conversation with PersonY.
If a person beats the opponent, he will feel confident.
A person works all day in order to earn money.
A person keeps doing others's chores in order to help PersonY.
A person prepares to begin school in order to get a good education.
If a person runs out of cash, he will feel in trouble.
If a person acts like a trouper, he will feel confident.
A person gives others a pep talk in order to help PersonY.
If a person did not know what to do, he will feel lost.
If a person overcomes evil with silence, he will feel victorious.
If a person buys a new piece of software, he will feel happy.
A person tries to straighten things out in order to do the right thing.
If a person is a political figure, he will feel important.
A person reminds others of a promise in order to keep PersonY on track.
If a person finds a new book, he will feel pleased.
If a person works on it, he gets better at it as a result.
If a person has a quest, he wants to finish the quest.
If a person's view gets confirmed, he will feel satisfied.
A person mends the umbrellas in order to make sure the umbrellas are in good condition.
If a person finally gets started, he will feel productive.
A person repairs the bike in order to keep the bike in good condition.
If a person decides to work out, he will feel determined.
If a person is in the shower, he will feel clean.
A person goes back to his job in order to earn money.
A person tries to meditate in order to feel better.
If a person would like to know more about it, he learns more about it as a result.
If a person becomes prosperous, he will feel content.
If a person enjoys riding a bicycle, he gets exercise as a result.
If a person buys something at full price, he will feel pleased.
If a person is so excited, he wants to jump up and down.
If a person introduces a routine, he wants to stick to the routine.
If a person has a problem and asks for help, he wants to solve the problem.
A person leads others to the door in order to help PersonY leave.
If a person gets to be in charge, he will feel empowered.
A person takes others to a dance in order to spend time with PersonY.
If a person has some questions, he wants to know the answers.
A person helps another older person in order to help others.
If a person visits Europe, he gets to see the sights as a result.
If a person learns about the pyramid, he becomes interested in the pyramid as a result.
A person starts doing something in order to be productive.
If a person takes a stand against others, he will feel strong.
If a person spends the afternoon in the park, he enjoys the day as a result.
If a person makes plans for tomorrow, he will feel motivated.
If a person stands up for his beliefs, he will feel strong.
If a person and others agree to some common ideas, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
A person takes a time-out in order to be alone.
If a person is on a deadline, he will feel rushed.
If a person finds a way to solve a problem, he will feel pleased.
If a person decides to go for a walk, he will feel free.
If a person lists all the reasons, he is seen as logical.
If a person tries to look good for an event, he will feel attractive.
If a person shows an interest in the matter, he wants to investigate.
If a person smells a pleasant aroma, he enjoys the aroma as a result.
A person leaves for others’s home in order to be with PersonY.
If a person has a teenage crush on others, he wants to get closer to PersonY.
If a person picks up the email, he wants to respond.
If a person can't take it anymore, he wants to quit.
A person goes to his brother's in order to be with his brother.
If a person gains a romantic partner, he is happy as a result.
A person volunteers at a homeless shelter in order to help people.
A person tries to be extra careful in order to avoid a mistake.
If a person is growing suspicious, he wants to find out more.
If a person bangs his head, he gets a headache as a result.
If a person gets a real talk, he learns to communicate as a result.
If a person writes letters to everyone, he is seen as polite.
A person calls his or her friend in order to talk to his or her friend.
A person does his exercise in order to stay healthy.
If a person has a heavy day, he feels tired as a result.
If a person breaks into song, he will feel happy.
If a person says a few nice words, he is seen as polite.
If a person gets some payback, he is satisfied as a result.
If a person gets the right answers, he will feel smart.
If a person gets back on the bike, he is back in shape as a result.
If a person gets accepted at college, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds life too monotonous, he will feel frustrated.
If a person reaches the peak of perfection, he will feel content.
If a person take charge of the situation, he will feel powerful.
If a person is known for his skills in many areas, he will feel admired.
If a person considers others’s feelings, he wants to do what PersonY wants.
If a person discovers a beautiful flower, he is amazed by the flower as a result.
A person does something wonderful for others in order to make PersonY happy.
If a person decides to quit the job, he wants to get a new job.
If a person has an obligation to do something, he does what he has to do as a result.
If a person has too many demands on his time, he is stressed as a result.
If a person decides on the best course of action, he will feel confident.
If a person's advice leads to success, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is upset about someone talking bad about him, he wants to defend himself.
If a person has survived all the perils, he is seen as brave.
A person puts on pants in order to look presentable.
If a person turns on a TV, he is entertained as a result.
If a person is agitated, he wants to calm down.
A person signs up for classes in order to learn more.
If a person feels guilty about something, he apologizes as a result.
If a person is frustrated by it, he becomes angry as a result.
If a person and others go clubbing, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person picked a nice place to live, he will feel pleased.
If a person is winning, he will feel pleased.
If a person enjoys a long-awaited day off, he will feel refreshed.
If a person feels sorry, he wants to feel better.
A person brushes his teeth in order to feel clean.
If a person gets his wishes, he will feel satisfied.
If a person completes a homework assignment, he will feel successful.
If a person gets others something that others wanted, he will feel pleased.
If a person starts living a better life, he will feel confident.
If a person wants to get ahead, he wants to work harder.
If a person has good judgement, he will feel in control.
If a person finally gets noticed, he will feel appreciated.
A person makes sure that others learns well in order PersonY to be successful.
If a person prepares a long-term plan, he will feel organized.
A person plots some more in order to finish his plan.
A person answers others's problems in order to help PersonY.
If a person is doing the right thing, he will feel confident.
If a person fears others's decision, he will feel anxious.
If a person goes through a tough time, he will feel depressed.
If a person writes his dissertation, he wants to publish his dissertation.
If a person volunteers to work at the soup kitchen, he wants to help people.
If a person finishes with the work, he will feel accomplished.
If a person speaks of a wonderful time he had, he feels great about himself as a result.
If a person gains information on others, he wants to learn more about PersonY.
If a person looks it up on Facebook, he will feel informed.
If a person made a welcome speech, he will feel good.
If a person knows it won't happen, he will feel confident.
If a person encounters failure, he will feel defeated.
A person has always been well-dressed in order to be a well-dressed person.
If a person changes his attitude, he will feel more positive.
If a person is as pleasant as, he is a pleasure to be with as a result.
If a person has found a job, he will feel confident.
If a person has severe injuries, he will feel in pain.
If a person adopts a new hobby, he will feel excited.
If a person gets a lot of awards, he is praised by his peers as a result.
If a person has many questions, he wants to know the answers.
If a person makes progress toward a goal, he will feel motivated.
If a person is doing OK, really, he will feel satisfied.
If a person's neighbors threaten , he will feel afraid.
If a person makes the choice to drink water, he will feel refreshed.
If a person feels a sinking feeling, he wants to get out of the sinking feeling.
A person hands in a resume in order to be hired.
If a person puts on a wonderful show, he will feel proud.
If a person continues to drink, he will feel intoxicated.
If a person is watching a comedy, he will feel amused.
If a person buys a table, he is pleased with the table as a result.
If a person sets something up, he will feel confident.
If a person becomes involved in a cause, he will feel determined.
A person enjoys a long walk in order to be in the fresh air.
A person reads the book in order to learn more about the book.
A person confronts personY in order to know the truth.
If a person discovers a new film, he is entertained as a result.
If a person arranges for a birthday party, he will feel pleased.
If a person dines in a restaurant, he has a pleasant meal as a result.
If a person tries to outsmart her, he will feel smart.
If a person ponders the decision, he will feel uncertain.
If a person poses a logical question, he will feel smart.
If a person gets a big one, he will feel satisfied.
If a person receives a law degree, he wants to be a lawyer.
If a person devours the meat, he will feel full.
If a person gets good news, he is happy as a result.
If a person starts meditating, he will feel peaceful.
A person brings the cat home in order to take care of the cat.
If a person and others do volunteer work, he will feel useful.
If a person works hard for money, he is financially secure as a result.
If a person has an unpleasant encounter, he will feel hurt.
If a person picks up some extra work, he wants to make more money.
If a person gets help, he is happy as a result.
A person has a very long discussion with others in order to know what PersonY thinks.
A person moves his chair to another spot in order to be in a better position.
A person begins to write in order to be a writer.
If a person eliminates the bad guy, he will feel triumphant.
If a person drinks beer from a bottle, he will feel drunk.
If a person makes things right, he will feel happy.
A person starts attending classes in order to learn more.
If a person gets a big contract, he will feel happy.
A person prepares others for a big event in order to make PersonY look good.
If a person joins a cause, he will feel hopeful.
If a person starts taking art classes, he will feel challenged.
If a person is blessed by God, he will feel happy.
If a person comes to regret it, he will feel ashamed.
If a person buys a luxury car, he will feel pleased.
If a person is in trouble again, he will feel upset.
If a person realizes that he has lost his way, he wants to find his way.
If a person gets a promotion, he will feel pleased.
If a person likes to write, he will feel happy.
If a person values others’s relationship, he wants to make PersonY happy.
If a person saves others from a killer, he will feel victorious.
If a person believes others to be innocent, he supports PersonY as a result.
A person bathes regularly in order to feel clean.
If a person gets help from a friend, he will feel comforted.
If a person signs up for karate lessons, he wants to get in shape.
If a person has been feeling depressed, he wants to feel better.
If a person gets sick and goes to the hospital, he wants to get better.
A person takes part in the feast in order to enjoy the feast.
If a person sees an opening, he wants to pursue the opportunity.
If a person thought it over, he made a decision as a result.
If a person stops by the deli for lunch, he buys a sandwich as a result.
If a person has an excellent day, he will feel proud.
If a person's right arm hurts, he will feel uncomfortable.
A person goes up a stair in order to reach the next floor.
If a person and others go to the theater, he and PersonY have a good time as a result.
A person chooses a gift for his brother in order to make his brother happy.
A person has been engaged in a discussion in order to understand the issue.
If a person has big problems at work, he will feel worried.
If a person has had a good week, he will feel relaxed.
If a person takes their time, he will feel patient.
If a person climbs the ladder, he is promoted as a result.
If a person finds her partner, he will feel happy.
A person invites friends to a gathering in order to be social.
If a person is making progress, he will feel encouraged.
If a person is very interested in how things work, he will feel excited.
A person makes the tea in order to make a nice cup of tea.
If a person wants to get things done, he will feel energetic.
If a person takes a deep breath, he will feel relaxed.
If a person realises they’re missing something, he wants to get it.
If a person keeps the compost heap active, he has a good supply of compost as a result.
If a person fills 's needs, he will feel satisfied.
If a person has committed a mistake, he is sorry as a result.
If a person turns over new leaf, he will feel relaxed.
If a person talks about his youth, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person breaks another bone, he is in pain as a result.
If a person eats a bowl of cereal, he will feel satisfied.
A person persists in questioning others in order to learn more about PersonY.
If a person looks up information on the Internet, he is informed about the latest news as a result.
A person leaves her parents’ house in order to live on her own.
A person quit the team in order to do something else.
If a person can do whatever he wants, he will feel free.
If a person rethinks others's needs, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person gets broken, he is in pain as a result.
If a person gets in shape, he will feel happy.
If a person has some bad news, he is sad as a result.
If a person is free from any obligation, he will feel liberated.
If a person tends to a garden, he will feel satisfied.
If a person takes on a day job, he will feel busy.
If a person makes an effort to do well, he will feel motivated.
If a person puts things together, he will feel confident.
If a person knows he did the right thing, he will feel satisfied.
If a person wins friends and influence, he will feel popular.
If a person has a free afternoon, he gets to do something he wants to do as a result.
If a person meets another adult, he gets to know the adult as a result.
If a person dances on the dance floor, he will feel good.
If a person arranges her papers, he will feel neat.
If a person explores the past, he will feel nostalgic.
If a person has suffered through it, he will feel sad.
If a person works out at the gym, he is seen as athletic.
If a person is isolated, he will feel lonely.
A person goes out to get information in order to find out more about the case.
If a person becomes more educated, he wants to be more knowledgeable.
If a person has a career change, he wants to get a new job.
A person calls his parents in order to make sure his parents are okay.
If a person finds a place to sit, he will feel comfortable.
If a person meets all requirements for a perfect résumé, he will feel successful.
If a person admits others to a medical program, he wants to see PersonY get better.
A person puts out others’s hand in order to help PersonY.
If a person feels that they are accomplishing nothing, he feels frustrated as a result.
If a person wins a political argument, he is pleased as a result.
A person is watching a television program with his family in order to spend time with his family.
If a person cares about the future of others, he wants to help PersonY.
If a person finally hears a noise, he wants to investigate.
If a person reaches the goal, he is happy as a result.
If a person questions their wisdom, he wants to think about it.
If a person took a day off, he will feel rested.
If a person writes an important paper, he will feel confident.
If a person sees something they think is interesting, he wants to go see it.
A person tries to reach others by telephone in order to be able to talk to PersonY.
If a person gives someone a compliment, he will feel good.
If a person listens to news on radio, he will feel interested.
If a person considers his moral responsibility, he wants to do the right thing.
If a person gets it wrapped, he will feel successful.
A person applies to a new job in order to improve her career.
If a person has strong feelings, he wants to express his feelings.
A person keeps the same principles in order to maintain a consistent attitude.
If a person deals with the problem, he will feel accomplished.
If a person visits an abandoned building, he will feel curious.
If a person gives others a pat on the back, he will feel pleased.
If a person studies different opinions, he will feel open-minded.
If a person arrives at a decision, he will feel sure.
If a person supports a cause, he wants to make a difference.
If a person is guided by her faith, he will feel comforted.
If a person finds out something really interesting, he gets excited as a result.
If a person finally reaches the finish line, he will feel happy.
If a person begins to suspect something, he will feel uneasy.
If a person disagrees with the decision, he wants to make a different decision.
If a person and others go to a dance, he and PersonY are happy as a result.
If a person goes with the group, he will feel accepted.
If a person builds a network, he is connected to many people as a result.
If a person goes to a new restaurant, he will feel interested.
A person continues to read about that in order to learn more about that.
If a person gets the day off from work, he will feel relaxed.
A person visits his ex-wife in order to reconcile with his ex-wife.
A person takes a day off in order to relax.
If a person admits to his mistakes, he will feel remorseful.
If a person arranges for a holiday, he will feel excited.
If a person becomes very confused, he wants to know what is going on.
A person studies for tests in order to pass the tests.
If a person feels a bit depressed, he wants to feel better.
If a person adds things to a list, he will feel productive.
If a person downloads a video, he is entertained as a result.
If a person takes part in a march, he will feel passionate.
If a person feels encouraged by others's work, he will feel motivated.
If a person is working on her novel, he will feel creative.
If a person's work goes well, he will feel confident.
If a person reads The Wall Street Journal, he will feel informed.
If a person listens to others's music, he becomes a fan of PersonY's music as a result.
If a person embarks on a journey, he will feel motivated.
A person reads a little book about it in order to know more about it.
If a person plans his holiday, he will feel happy.
A person buys a snack for others in order to help PersonY.
If a person gets a bright idea, he will feel excited.
If a person keeps calm and parks the car, he will feel peaceful.
A person visits others's parents in order to spend time with PersonY's family.
If a person throws a surprise party for others, he will feel excited.
If a person decides to get married, he will feel content.
A person stops at the pharmacy in order to get medicine.
If a person greets others lovingly, he will feel happy.
If a person raises a glass of champagne, he will feel happy.
A person plans to go on a cruise in order to relax.
If a person reads something in a dictionary, he wants to know what it means.
A person leaves from home in order to be independent.
If a person is fed up with the suffering, he wants to make the suffering stop.
If a person goes out to the movies, he has a good time as a result.
A person hands others the mic in order to give PersonY the opportunity to speak.
If a person does not have a happy life, he will feel unhappy.
If a person puts it in the right place, he will feel smart.
If a person becomes a great role model, he will feel respected.
If a person has a wonderful vacation, he will feel content.
If a person helps others on the job, he will feel useful.
If a person drinks a beverage of some kind, he will feel full.
If a person is always successful, he will feel confident.
If a person buys a fancy car, he will feel pleased.
If a person finds out a bad fact, he is upset as a result.
A person eats a hearty meal in order to feel full.
A person does some legwork in order to get ahead.
If a person is fed up with mistreatment, he wants to fight back.
If a person plays on his phone, he is distracted as a result.
A person continues her research in order to finish her project.
If a person drives to the theater, he is entertained as a result.
A person tells everything to others in order to be honest.
If a person worries about his family, he wants to protect his family.
If a person enjoys a favorite meal, he wants to eat it again.
If a person has no legal recourse, he will feel helpless.
If a person and others play on the slide, he and PersonY have fun as a result.
If a person gets a new video game, he will feel excited.
If a person studies in order to pass the exam, he will feel determined.
If a person investigates corruption, he wants to stop corruption.
If a person makes a delicious meal, he will feel pleased.
If a person takes advantage of the new opportunities, he will feel satisfied.
If a person studies the information, he wants to know more.
A person calls others again in order to talk to PersonY.
If a person manages to please others, he will feel appreciated.
If a person learns to accept the truth, he wants to be a person who accepts the truth.
If a person is able to do his thing, he is happy as a result.
A person and others goes to the seaside in order to relax and PersonY wants to see the sea.
If a person gets better, he will feel happy.
If a person arranges a hair appointment, he gets a new hairstyle as a result.
If a person regrets the incident, he wants to avoid the same situation.
If a person buys a new PC, he will feel pleased.
If a person drinks up, he will feel tipsy.
If a person visits person Y, he learns about person Y as a result.
If a person is prepared for all possibilities, he will feel confident.
A person decides to read in order to be more knowledgeable.
A person continues her singing in order to pursue her dream.
If a person becomes a famous concert pianist, he is praised by the press as a result.
If a person is quick at work, he will feel satisfied.
If a person is concerned about her spouse, he wants to know what's wrong.
If a person visits an exhibition, he will feel intrigued.
If a person is much better now, he is happier as a result.
